The most sensorily significant of the two springs is the one which emerges from the northern hillside. = NPE
According to the Soviet news agency Tass the two discuss "the problem of promoting mutual exchanges of views on the Palestinian issue" . = NPE
Snobbery had fought with economy, and the two had reached a very silly compromise.  = NPE
The five were previously imprisoned from June until October 1990 for allegedly organizing a political party — all parties are prohibited. = NPE
The three are also believed to be implicated in other cases of serious violations against street children.  = NPE
It may be that neither statement need be held to subtract from the other, but there could well be some dispute as to which of the two is the more deeply entrenched in the novel. = NPE
‘And the two don't always coincide’, Fraser replies: ‘That's my split vision.  = NPE
Peter Ackroyd is all of the formidable pasticheur that he is praised for being, and Dyer's tale, which affects to be that of someone who lived in the eighteenth century, and in which the element of imitation, present in writing of every kind, is more obtrusive than it is in the other tale, is the livelier of the two. = NPE
The Facts is the more filial book of the two. = NPE
A fuller account of these two groups of dominant beliefs benefits from some comparison between the two. = NPE
The two on the left are metered pumps serving exact half-pints, the ones on the right are free flow pumps  = NPE
This can be done by purchase unit, standard unit or a combination of the two. = NPE
The two will develop and market pen and display-(PAD) based solutions to users in a wide range of commercial markets, including retailing and merchandising.  = NPE
All we have to do is combine the two. = NPE
To find which of the five is the most fragrant, we'll be holding a studio sniff-in on Morning Edition at 8.45am on Saturday August 31.  = NPE
But there is little to choose between the two in terms of overall performance.  = NPE
That is the basic difference between the hook and the sweep though, as I said, the two do blur into one. = NPE
Look how readily the thousand had turned out to besiege the laird at Castle Menzies! = NPE
The two shook hands and Cameron introduced Menzies.  = NPE
When he is shown a pair of faces and has to decide which of the two is a celebrity, he performs at chance level, even though he performs almost as well as normal subjects on this task when the faces are replaced by their names. = NPE
Which of the two? = NPE
What they want in future is 32 seeds in all the Grand Slam tournaments instead of the 16 they have at present.  = NPE
Well now: this decision that all children must learn two languages, forgetting the thousands in many English cities who already have a home language, with a literature of its own.  = NPE
there are nearly 5,000 reported cases of AIDS, of which nearly 3,000 have already died.  = NPE
At group level, the days have gone when three prisoners per group (one from the West, the East and a non-aligned country) were obligatory.  = NPE
AN UPDATE ON SOME OF THE 92 PRISONERS OF CONSCIENCE FEATURED IN THE LETTER WRITING CAMPAIGN IN 1989 AND 1990 — 39 ARE NOW FREE!  = NPE
39 of the prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign have been released; about 50 remain in prison.  = NPE
Mohamed Abbad remains in prison with 17 of the original 31. = NPE
Some states even go to the trouble of having two switches, one a ‘dummy’, so that everyone can say, ‘it wasn't me who actually killed him’.  = NPE
By the end of 1961 there were 11 groups, nine in the UK, one in Norway and one in Australia.  = NPE
These early groups were called ‘Threes Groups’ because each adopted three prisoners, one from the East, one from the West and one from Afro-Asian countries. = NPE
In many cases a group would divide into sub-groups and work on more than three at a time. = NPE
At one point Manchester University group was working on 39! = NPE
On 28 May 1986, Amnesty's 25th Anniversary, St Clement Danes Church in the Strand, London, rang 5,000 chimes, roughly one for every POC case Amnesty had worked on during the year.  = NPE
The 25th Anniversary campaign had dramatic results: individual membership increased from 25,000 at the end of 1985 to 35,000 at the end of 1986: a full 30 per cent increase in one year.  = NPE
Today catalogues raisonnés are often divided into two; one volume is for an introduction and plates, while the other has the detailed catalogue.  = NPE
And that got me into the last three so I had to do it all again at the Barbican which I think was to see if I could fill that theatre with enough presence and vocal range.  = NPE
In my own case, he wrote, and I can speak only for myself, in my own case and in my own life there have been very few genuine beginnings, only three or perhaps four. = NPE
For glass no longer surface of infinite slimness but shadow of fourth dimension, seen by us as three, reproduced as two. = NPE
That I grow bored after an hour or two. = NPE
And McGrindle, very matter of fact though drunk as usual: I have sixteen children, seven by my first marriage, four by my second, my second wife had two of her own, that makes thirteen, and three from my third, sixteen, and I am proud to say I have been able to give them all a good education and every chance in life without ever compromising my integrity.  = NPE
Painting nearly always fifty years or even a hundred behind the times. = NPE
Man going berserk in Surrey commuter town, gunning down thirty. = NPE
And the six (or eight) who carry out his instructions.  = NPE
A beer cask can come in several sizes: a pin (4.5 gallons), a firkin (9), a kilderkin (18), a barrel (36) and a hogshead (54).  = NPE
Membership grew at an astonishing pace, reaching close to 30,000 in the late 1970s.  = NPE
Even then, we would trail behind other European Community members, such as Germany, France and Italy, each with 11 public holidays a year, Spain and Portugal with 13 each, and Denmark with 10. = NPE
IGS, for example, quotes £60 per person per day, with a minimum of four to a group.  = NPE
This can be done by purchase unit, standard unit or a combination of the two. = NPE
There is the obvious price dodge of skimping on the thickness of silver, measured by cutlers in microns — which can be anything from one to 50. = NPE
During his stay he cooked a five-course gala dinner for 150 at the Mansion on Turtle Creek with executive chef Dean Fearing.  = NPE
They may contain any of the basic seed varieties or a combination of all three. = NPE
One woman was handier with a knife, another was better organised, two had marvellous raw materials, another was feeling the pressure of competing.  = NPE
Alan Davidson's previous books include two on fish — North Atlantic Seafood and Mediterranean Seafood — which are classics of their kind.  = NPE
There were six of them, five with small slices taken out and the sixth with the knife still in it.  = NPE
Marion, a ripely handsome woman in her mid-thirties, who had played a season at Stratford-on-Avon and toured as Mrs Tanqueray, was extremely displeased at having to share Jessie, let alone a dressing-room, and particularly with a chit like Bunty; but the Regent was small and naturally the two Star dressing-rooms, 1 and 2, went to Salt and Pepper, that perennial and professionally married pair of comedy-thriller performers whose productions never ran for less than a year — a godsend in a profession where rehearse for three weeks, open and close in two was not unusual.  = NPE
I'd like to see Father go a round or two with one of them.  = NPE
Out of a desire to protest against the ‘oppression and exploitation’ he saw around him, he began to write short stories, by the time of his death over a hundred had been published.  = NPE
Then we were wrestling and the other three rushed to separate us.  = NPE
Another two moved on shortly afterwards and it was then that the intimidation began. = NPE
‘Just the two. = NPE
All we have to do is combine the two. = NPE
None had read the book or knew its detail, although one or two knew he had written something.  = NPE
Next door but one came in for ‘concupiscence’ and ‘whoremonger’.  = NPE
‘Thirty thousand in round figures.  = NPE
It was a long time since she had last seen Michael: it was seven months, two weeks and three days, four if she counted today. = NPE
Maybe as many as ten. = NPE
There were either five smears or six. = NPE
Well, now I want to introduce another of Fodor's theses which, for my money, is as correct as the other two are false.  = NPE
He advocates marking the stretchers off one at a time instead of squaring cross all four at once. = NPE
Why not cut all four at one go?  = NPE
It is a measure of the current popularity of marquetry that there were 404 entries to the competitions, of which 93 came from the Harrow chapter = NPE
These are the practical considerations of the nature and limitations of wood as a material, on the one hand, and the visual effect one is trying to achieve on the other: the two are sometimes difficult to satisfy simultaneously.  = NPE
Straight gouges are numbered 3 to 11, a 3 sweep is a very shallow curve, an 11 has a very deep flute.  = NPE
Calculations were taken from the original bear to produce drawings, reducing it from three to two dimensions. = NPE
Smaller sets of seven and 10 are also available.  = NPE
The chisels are sold in standard black finish, or all-bright, in sets of seven, 10 and 17. = NPE
The two halves are screwed together with brass screws, three on each side, two on the outer legs and one on the inner legs.  = NPE
Your allocation of leaflets is 250 , and of Icebreaker posters is 20 . = NPE
The year started with five regions, and ended with six. = NPE
The prototype series of ten appeared from BREL Crewe Works with a collection of teething troubles, but were in regular passenger traffic to Leeds by the end of the year.  = NPE
The last two were the social railway, requiring continuing support in grant-aid for the provision of socially essential services in the capital, in the great conurbations, and in rural areas. = NPE
This famous line's deliberate run-down, closure proposals (three in total), the unbelievable fight by the public, culminating in 35,000 objectors during the five-year fight, was an object lesson to BR and the government.  = NPE
In the most recent interim text, published last February, the Basic Law Drafting Committee — appointed by Peking but including a minority of Hong Kong members — relegated the problem to an appendix which outlined a scheme to raise the number of directly-elected seats in the Legislative Council, Hong Kong's rubber-stamp parliament, from 15 out of 55 in 1997 to 40 out of 80 two terms (six years) later.  = NPE
Thousands queued to sign an unofficial book of condolence at the Xinhua News Agency.  = NPE
Although it harboured the worst sort of poverty, inequality and exploitation during the 1930s and 1940s, not least because its bright lights attracted millions from the surrounding countryside, it seethed with exuberant life and economic activity.  = NPE
In its wake, tens of thousands are slipping off, quietly once more, to sanctuaries abroad.  = NPE
The three abortion cases, which may be reached in December, are unlikely to lead to a clean reversal of Roe v Wade, the 1973 Supreme Court ruling which granted an absolute right to abortion in the first three months of pregnancy and an almost unrestricted right in the next three. = NPE
Three are prostitutes introduced to the drug by pimps.  = NPE
Two turned out to be genuine while two, according to the Cypriots, were fakes.  = NPE
The man said his group held 64 documents relating to IRA suspects in the Irish Republic and claimed the group had members in every police sub-division, of which the RUC has 38. = NPE
She said: ‘Seven of the eight have competed for Great Britain and we certainly would not have submitted any we thought would go just for the trip.’  = NPE
Davies, who has not renewed his contract as ITV's sports presenter, is one of 17 whose names appeared on ITV Sport's credits who have jumped ship this year alone.  = NPE
ITV, the ‘athletics channel’, covered two. = NPE
Plants can be bought in tens of thousands for 50 cents each in Bangkok, and sold for $10-$15 in the West.  = NPE
The businesses include two in waste disposal — essentially landfill operations — two in quarrying, two in the manufacture of scientific instruments plus a chain of builders' merchants and a maker of specialised grouts. = NPE
Only 10,000 of the necessary terminals are so far installed in shops, though the target is 20,000 by the New Year and 100,000 by the end of next year.  = NPE
Barclays has 12,000 terminals installed in stores and another 30,000 on the way.  = NPE
The big four may well have learnt so much about how to negotiate with the US regulatory and financial authorities to justify the cost of this investment. = NPE
About 70 per cent of personal computers worldwide incorporate parts made by Intel, which employs 20,000. = NPE
 This first cell is now empty, and a second, and a third. = NPE
 Of the stories I have in mind, Othello and Desdemona, Samson and Delilah, Dido and Aeneas, only the third is spoken of, and it is spoken of oracularly. = NPE
 An autocrat falls in the first two books; but the only one in the third is the author-autocrat of the hotel room who sallies into the bush, as if on impulse, to visit the mysterious, moveable ‘front’. = NPE
 And to think, he wrote, that with all my previous work I barely knew what step to take first, let alone what step to take second, let us not talk about the third. = NPE
 Though it has to be said, he wrote, and Goldberg, his eye racing down the page covered in his friend's tiny handwriting, paused to sip from the glass of fresh orange-juice at his side, wiped his forehead and went on typing, it has to be said that I have occasionally had the illusion that I knew what step to take first and even, occasionally, what step to take second, I will not talk about a third. = NPE
 There is of course no logical reason why things should be different this time, wrote Harsnet, why this too should not be an illusion, the illusion of imagining that I know not only what step to take first but also what step to take second and even what step to take third. = NPE
 There were six of them, five with small slices taken out and the sixth with the knife still in it. = NPE
 One man had a rucksack, another a white cotton hat, a third an unbuttoned shirt, a fourth, sandshoes. = NPE
 The third was big and light, contained a cupboard, a chest of drawers and twin beds which Sara did not try. = NPE
 When the French began he was ninth in the world. = NPE
 There are 3 heads to the triceps; 2 of them have their origins on the humerus and the third originates on the shoulder blade. = NPE
 These both include many steps with the so-called ‘dotted’ rhythm i.e. in 3/4 the dancer steps on the first beat, holds on the second and briefly takes weight on the other foot on the third before stepping onwards. = NPE
 One command-line switch will make use of a maximum of 512K of expanded memory, either EMS 3.2 or 4.0; another will put overlays into extended memory; a third disables the ‘degree of freedom’ facility for errors in curve fitting, and a fourth can be used to disable a mouse even if one if fitted and nominally active. = NPE
 One command-line switch will make use of a maximum of 512K of expanded memory, either EMS 3.2 or 4.0; another will put overlays into extended memory; a third disables the ‘degree of freedom’ facility for errors in curve fitting, and a fourth can be used to disable a mouse even if one if fitted and nominally active. = NPE
 It is perfectly true that there is nothing conclusively in the poem to make us identify the first stair with Dante's Inferno , the second with his Purgatorio , the third with Paradiso ; as there is not (a more piercing uncertainty) anything to determine for us whether ‘the broadbacked figure drest in blue and green’, with his ‘music of the flute’, is an image of what must be renounced in order to achieve Paradise, or else an image of how terrestrial life can most nearly attain the paradisal. = NPE
 Israeli troops killed four Palestinians yesterday and a fifth was beaten to death by fellow Arabs for alleged collaboration with Israel, Reuter reports. = NPE
 Two tries, the first in under two minutes by Simon Holmes and the fourth by the hooker John Ashworth, were from alert attention to the ball at their own throw-in near their own line. = NPE
 Sheffield Eagles' fortunes are soaring in the top flight; the 28-16 win at Wakefield was their third in four matches. = NPE
‘We are now in our second recruitment round, and if that doesn't succeed we will go on to a third.’ = NPE
 Atkinson, matching his attacking partner goal for goal, belted in the fourth from 20 yards, and the only question remaining after the most one-sided of first halves was which of them would be first to his hat trick. = NPE
Sir Jeffrey, who has acted as unpaid and part-time special adviser to six trade and industry secretaries, yesterday added a seventh to his belt.  = NPE
A fourth was to sell the shares to the work-force, as happened with the National Freight Corporation. = NPE
To cut the dole was, in Seely's view, essential, but ‘this tangle cannot be unravelled by any one party, or even any two, because if opposed by the third they would lose the Election and the evil would continue.’ = NPE
The third is that the new right and Conservatism are one and the same. = NPE
The first two tasks, though hideously difficult, were at least relatively straightforward; the third posed the problem which is at the heart of Peter Dennis's book: whose law was to be restored and what civilian authority should take over? = NPE
A third was entirely concerned with management development and career planning and the fourth acted as a one-man think-tank, whose task was to advise on how ICI's personnel policies should evolve in future. = NPE
A third was entirely concerned with management development and career planning and the fourth acted as a one-man think-tank, whose task was to advise on how ICI's personnel policies should evolve in future. = NPE
The second component was to create educational and health services as rapidly as possible for as many people as possible, and the third was to achieve some fairer distribution of income between expatriate companies and individuals, and the local indigenous population.  = NPE
Although the new Broadcasting Bill stipulates that these stations will provide a varied diet of programmes, the best bet is that one will feature primarily classical music, the second will have a pop/rock music base, while the third is likely to be an American-style ‘talk’ station. = NPE
In fact patriarchy, class, and hierarchy all presupposed a law of gender difference which was at once divinely, naturally, and socially laid down, the law descending from the first through the second to the third. = NPE
A third was Crème De La Crème.  = NPE
But the record since 1945 suggests that it is highly improbable that the British people will play anything like the major role in the affairs of mankind in the twenty-first century that they have done so frequently, if often unavailingly, in the course of the twentieth. = NPE
By the end of the year, the Association had two Lodges with residents in occupation, and a third in the final stages of conversion. = NPE
Wings Organiser Bill Osgothorp arranged a 25-mile bike ride, two of the bikes being ‘penny-farthings’ and a third being a 1906 BSA. = NPE
And the third was as a confessor, because he knew that many souls valued him in this work.  = NPE
A sixth selects orange juice and Perrier.  = NPE
Three people died and a fourth was critically injured in a two car crash in Oxfordshire last night.  = NPE
And another individual goal; in the sixty fifth minute, he also made an opening for erm Jason Allen erm and Mark Hurtling to score the fifth and Mark Hurtling came along with the sixth. = NPE
To add insult to injury, Taylor scored a third for Cambridge twelve minutes from time and then seconds from the final whistle Dublin scored a fourth for Cambridge United. = NPE
To add insult to injury, Taylor scored a third for Cambridge twelve minutes from time and then seconds from the final whistle Dublin scored a fourth for Cambridge United.  = NPE
It's our fifth in ten years [unclear] .  = NPE
Now I'm looking on to it thinking, you know, [unclear] but they're so, do you think, the upper sixth aren't like that at all though are they?  = NPE
you are the reason why I left the school, you know, none of the girls are happy by their upper sixth, in the lower sixth you might think it's alright but by the time [unclear] = NPE
Yeah but in the lower sixth the fucking rules [unclear] = NPE
But I'm gonna have to there are only two girls in the lower sixth. = NPE
And there was one more upper sixth I think. = NPE
All of the upper sixth have got them. = NPE
And I've got, I've got my colours for netball and Roxy has and Katrina [gap:name] from [pause] the lower sixth are getting theirs in February. = NPE
The third? = NPE
In the tenth she was beginning to receive visitors of standing, and a golden crown and jewels were added to her coat. = NPE
But there can be little doubt that he had two causes in mind, and great probability that he had also a third. = NPE
He unloosed the third and fourth and was struggling with the reins of the fifth when he heard voices on the path. = NPE
Two had lost a stirrup and the saddle of a third had slipped under its belly. = NPE
By the third we should have them surrounded.’ = NPE
Several were in groups of four, three standing slabs of stone over which a fourth lay as a roof, others lay tumbled in meaningless heaps, but still others seemed to be set in distinguishable lines and circles. = NPE
I caught him watching me in the third. = NPE
In the 1890s the Central Station was constructed, and in 1905 two more branch lines extended among the factories and workshops of the Lower City, and a third snaked its way out over a drawbridge and a railway ferry to the island of Ostrów. = NPE
Now the old-fashioned, strong hessian is wonderful for keeping you warm and dry and John always sported three sacks — one round his waist, another over his shoulders, and the third with the corner pushed in for a hood over his head.  = NPE
Philip Simmons, their only World Cup century-maker, added two more the only times he batted, smashing five sixes and 12 fours in 122 off 113 balls in the first match and two sixes and 10 fours in 104 off 139 balls in the third. = NPE
One group of ships kept watch on Dunkirk and the Flemish ports; a second, ready to protect the Thames estuary, lay in the Downs just north of Dover; a third was at Spithead, covering Portsmouth and watching Le Havre; a fourth was in the Mediterranean, off Toulon; and the fifth, and most important, was Admiral Hawke's squadron, whose close blockade of Brest, from his base at Plymouth, was to become a model for the future. = NPE
One group of ships kept watch on Dunkirk and the Flemish ports; a second, ready to protect the Thames estuary, lay in the Downs just north of Dover; a third was at Spithead, covering Portsmouth and watching Le Havre; a fourth was in the Mediterranean, off Toulon; and the fifth, and most important, was Admiral Hawke's squadron, whose close blockade of Brest, from his base at Plymouth, was to become a model for the future.  = NPE
The third is for companies to acquire software for profiling, cross-analysing and clustering the census variables against their own customer records.  = NPE
The first two questions will be 25 seat questions, the third a 50 seat question. = NPE
He added that two of Kalchu's bulls would die this winter and the third would live.  = NPE
The red bitch was the seventh in a line of dogs that had belonged to Kalchu's family since his grandfather had brought the first one back from Tibet some forty years previously.  = NPE
Also, it's not simply a garrison, it's a fortified city; with damned great walls and ditches and bastions built on three sides of it, and the sea to defend it on the fourth.’  = NPE
If you know any two of the above variables, it is easy to work out the third. = NPE
The following fragment of a manuscript is the third in our series ‘Women: 50 years ago’. = NPE
It was the third in a series of six meetings on women's liberation, organised by the women s group in the local Polytechnic.  = NPE
Three Westinghouse designed PWRs have been built there since 1974 and a fourth will be running by 1985. = NPE
If they are dragged out again, they will release a second leg, then a third. = NPE
There are four teams working closely together: two in environmental studies concerned respectively with village technology and agricultural and social aspects, a third on Mathematics and the fourth on Language. = NPE
There are four teams working closely together: two in environmental studies concerned respectively with village technology and agricultural and social aspects, a third on Mathematics and the fourth on Language. = NPE
The acceptance of the first of the three new premises on which the philosophy of the Created God rests, that is, that ‘god’ is a product of life and not the creator of all things, implies the acceptance of the truth of the second and third. = NPE
Our very existence proves the first, and the third is acknowledged to be a product of human life.  = NPE
I MISSED the first performance of Peter Thompson's Chinese Lantern Music at last year's Summer Serenade, was so delighted to hear the complete work — the third in a series of commissions for local composers — played by the Petersfield Area Youth Orchestra on Wednesday. = NPE
Neil Musgrove and Richard Williams, now in tight control of midfield, both went close before Musgrove, from the edge of the penalty area, slammed in the third. = NPE
The Fitzallan's played leading parts in Scottish life over several generations: the third Steward, Alan's son, was appointed Justiciary for Scotland by King Alexander II; the fourth fought at the Battle of Largs and was a Crusader; and the fifth was appointed a Guardian of Scotland during the troubled times before the rise of William Wallace. = NPE
Third in this trilogy of deaf men of remarkable achievements of this era who were mainly oralist but who respected those that used sign language was Abraham Farrar, born at Leeds, who became deaf at the age of 3 due to scarlet fever.  = NPE
In performance, the first two are prone to bouts of noisy, head-splitting virtuosity, and Third mercilessly shows up those who fail to integrate this volatility into music of a more obviously poetic nature, and the Fourth is one of those elusive late pieces, whose rarefied world is closed to all but the most sensitive of artists. = NPE
Another neglected master emerged on three LPs of Piano Sonatas by Harold Truscott, played, as in the Founds, by the indefatigable peter Jacobs; they revealed a muscial thinker of a very high order who has been, and still is, cruelly ignored by the muscial establishment (again, I understand that John Ogdon's recording for Altarus of Truscott's Tenth is due for release soon — and I would also make a plea for a re-issue of those other Sonatas on CD: they are contrapuntal masterpieces, sometimes witty, often beautiful, and they ought to be much more widely known).  = NPE
Although the long list of available versions of Mahler's various symphonic off-spring can usually be whittled down to a shortlist without too much difficulty, the situation regarding praiseworthy recoding of the Third has almost reached saturation point. = NPE
I'm not one for imbuing phrases with a coy, knowing wink in their gait, but at the same time there is a meticulousness about these particular performances (the Sixth is slightly better in this respect), which prevents the music from leaping off the page as quite it should. = NPE
In an unusually perceptive liner note, Robert Layton hits the nail on the head when he says ‘It is the exercise of true symphonic discipline that removes the Tenth from the private world to the universal’.  = NPE
One doesn't have to start capsize drill in a closed cockpit and Ms Wynne-Freer contradicts the statements in her fourth paragraph with those made in her tenth. = NPE
Myriam Jerusalmi in third is married to Richard Fox, second in the men's event.)  = NPE
It might be that in a list of names every tenth name is the leader of a section of ten people; to sample by every tenth would then result in either a sample of nothing but leaders or a sample with no leaders at all. = NPE
First one child sidles up to the teacher with some trinket to show in order to allow the warm, cheerful voice of teacher questioning and encouraging to wash over the beginning of their school day; then another, more venturesome, rushes into the teacher's arms, with breathless news to convey; and finally a third arrives preoccupied with the task in hand and refers inadvertently to teacher as ‘mum’. = NPE
And the third? = NPE
The third will look at the actual experience of one recent, and especially contentious, form of local government activity — the development of local economic strategies. = NPE
Procedure became uniform in the third century, while early in the fourth the differences of form were abolished by Constantine.  = NPE
The trimming or upholstery was of a different hue for each train set, the first trimmed in blue, the second in brown, and the third in green, all moquettes. = NPE
The Wolverton Royal Train remained in this form until 1 94 1, when three superb vehicles were completed at Wolverton Works, two of them saloons for George VI and Queen Elizabeth, to replace the L & NWR twelve-wheelers of 1903, and the third a carriage with sleeping compartments for the staff, luggage space, and a diesel-electric plant for supplying light and power to the train. = NPE
The third was a saloon for the Equerry and Secretary, built in 1957 (Lot No 30131), replacing ex-LNWR 807. = NPE
The third is a less tangible but no less striking phenomenon, the general feeling for freedom that has come over us all, an understanding heightened by the recent escape of millions of people by 1990 from the miseries of authoritarian rule and command economies. = NPE
Many Roman villas were built in the form of a rectangle — buildings on three sides and a wall on the fourth. = NPE
Upon tracing the sixth ventricle of the brain, which corresponds to the fourth in the human subject, to its apparent termination, the calamus scriptorius, I perceived the appearance of a canal, continuing by a direct course into the centre of the spinal marrow. = NPE
Although there are no August records, the species has been recorded in September, the earliest report being for the seventh in 1951 and 1974.  = NPE
In each of the four years, students spend some time teaching in primary schools (two weeks in the first year, four weeks in the second, four weeks in the third, and eight weeks in the fourth) under the supervision of school and University staff.  = NPE
‘The air is never of one self-colour only, but is often of two colours, with a little of the third.’  = NPE
Five hundred years on, the Seldon plan is working too well to be true: the First Foundation deduces (again) the existence of the second, the second that of … a third? = NPE
One is that they are a dumping site for iron; another is that the magnetic material is involved in the growth and repair of bones; and the third is that the magnetic deposits are concerned with detecting magnetic fields as an aid to navigation. = NPE
The East-West pipeline is the fourth in the series, and the only one that involves importing pipes, turbines and equipment.  = NPE
As this is the book I have turned to first ever since the first edition appeared in 1974, it's gratifying to note that enough people agree to take the volume into its third edition with a fourth on the way.  = NPE
It is left to the reader to plot these points on figure 10.3, and to connect the first and third. = NPE
It is not the only way to decide if the relationship between two variables depends upon the value of a third. = NPE
They awarded the first prize for the block plan design to Crepinet, the second to William Hastings of Belfast and the third to Morgan and Phipson. = NPE
The first prize for the Foreign Office design was awarded to H. E. Coe and Henry H. Hofland, the second to Banks and Barry, the third to Gilbert Scott and the fourth to Deane and Woodward. = NPE
The first prize for the Foreign Office design was awarded to H. E. Coe and Henry H. Hofland, the second to Banks and Barry, the third to Gilbert Scott and the fourth to Deane and Woodward. = NPE
The first prize for the War Department design was awarded to Henry B. Garling, the second to Botrel d'Hazeville of Paris, the third to J. T. Rochead of Glasgow and the fourth to Prichard and Seddon of Llandaff. = NPE
The first prize for the War Department design was awarded to Henry B. Garling, the second to Botrel d'Hazeville of Paris, the third to J. T. Rochead of Glasgow and the fourth to Prichard and Seddon of Llandaff.  = NPE
The dissemination of information in the event of an incident is dealt with at three levels: the first is the normal system of press notices; the second is the use of teletext and viewdata (Ceefax and Prestel) to get direct to members of the public at their homes or places of work; the third is the use of Telecom Gold electronic mail to get more technical details to various official bodies, such as water authorities (Jackson 1989).  = NPE
The third is that if the easy way out is taken and the children stay away, then the church will be deprived of their fresh and youthful presence. = NPE
The third is sexual love and enough illustrative material is on show in cinemas for me not to need to labour this point. = NPE
‘YOUR HORSE FELL AT THE FIFTH. = NPE
It so happens that the names Upehull, Upsall and Upshall occur in the records of one very small village — the first in a lay subsidy roll of 1327, the second in a manorial court roll of November 1550, and the third in a number of documents down to the latest twentieth-century electoral rolls. = NPE
There are several other possible explanations but they are all of an uncertain nature, so the study will not be pursued in these pages, Instead, a name from the author's conjugate family will be used, because its origin and development can be traced, quite unambiguously, from the thirteenth century to the twentieth. = NPE
There are three (perhaps four) sources of information — archaeological, documentary, and new observation through personal research; the dubious fourth being the stories by third-parties who ‘remember’ things about buildings now gone, or changed. = NPE
The third is possible changes in meaning which have occurred in certain words since the time when the writing was executed and the present day. = NPE
To some degree aspects of local distribution of the eighteenth century, poor relief of the nineteenth, or welfare benefits of the twentieth. = NPE
Four were on the main street; the fifth was on the western edge of the village. = NPE
A third blazed out its fiery message a few yards further on; and a fourth and fifth, all along the line, until they disappeared as orange glowworms in the far distance of the French right wing.  = NPE
By the time the customer walked into the shop, the joint had been wrapped by a second assistant whilst a third would fill the empty space in the window.  = NPE
Rose, giving evidence, said Sweeney had been refused a drink at three pubs and left a fourth. = NPE
Maisie sat in the corner of the kitchen with one chocolate bar in her mouth, another in her right hand, another in her lap and a fourth beside her on the draining board, in case anything should happen to the other three.  = NPE
 1498 Liam McNamara (a North Shore surfer riding a Willis Phazer) took off on the first, followed by Tony Moniz (another local) on the second and Carroll on the third. = NPE
 1054 It was clear by February that Frederick would allow no compromises; he returned six prisoners to the city, five of whom were blinded, while the sixth had his nose cut off. = NPE
 1526 He sang and played mandolin and flute on their short tour and on another John Peel session (their seventh) in May 1989. = NPE
397 ‘Mr Foggerty agreed to produce the fourth. = NPE
 1811 In no time, he'd bought a second one for Liam in Milltown, and then a third in Warrenpoint and now Liam was just about to clinch a site in Newry. = NPE
 2027 Denis, the third. = NPE
 2135 Burt made two more fine saves to deny Wells and Daynes, but there was nothing he could do to stop ‘Mill's third after 70 minutes. = NPE
 2146 Steve Warwick scored the second goal and was brought down in the area, enabling Alton to get their third in a 3–1 home win. = NPE
 1576 Columns of cast iron support roofs of wrought iron and glass over the three original bays (the fourth is a more recent addition), and an oriel above Platform 1 was the Station Master's vantage point. = NPE
 1168 Arsenal won their first five matches and did not lose until the tenth. = NPE
 2439 The fifth in the series of Automatic Methods Group residential conferences, held on the general theme of the managerial aspects of automated analysis, will take place at the Viking Hotel, York, on 2–4 June 1992. = NPE
 214 In brief, the first covers equal opportunities in matters of recruitment to CAB staff which has been discussed in Chapter 2; the second covers racism awareness training, which will be discussed in Chapter 6; and the third is a call to bureaux to reflect ethnic minority community needs. = NPE
 134 The second is to lightly grip this loop of line between finger and thumb, and the third is to hook the line over the index finger of the hand holding the rod (See Fig. 2). = NPE
 422 By late February he had already ‘endeavored to disseminate Truth’ in the form of three political lectures, the first two delivered at the Corn Market in Wine Street, the third in a vacant house on Castle Green. = NPE
 2481 Rule of simple proportion by which, given the relationship of two entities, the proportional relationship of a third can be discovered. = NPE
 3658 A second edition was published in Aug. 1836, and a third and fourth in 1837. = NPE
The third was a lengthy and dully-written biography of a late nineteenth-century general. = NPE
The fifth was a biography of a famous writer, which Boy read twice with great fascination.  = NPE
From these sources, it is possible quite quickly to gain an idea of how parkland has changed over the years — usually expanding in the later eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, and then contracting during the twentieth. = NPE
Nevertheless, the grammar schools existing separately from secondary modern schools edgily defended their difference and their rights — even if one of them had only six pupils in the upper sixth. = NPE
Lung cancer was not seen as a sequel to smoking until the middle of the twentieth. = NPE
One mistress I could ignore — but he's now on his sixth. = NPE
There was a grinding crunch of metal as the front of the car telescoped, a second crashing sound as the car behind it rammed into the wreckage — followed by a third. = NPE
Uneven and limited though this might have been, the gulf between Disraeli's two nations in the early and mid-nineteenth century became blurred and attenuated by the twentieth. = NPE
They would deny the right of those whose standard of living is already at or above the average to any further improvement until the submerged fifth had been given more or less equivalent benefits. = NPE
‘We were leading the British Open at Lytham when we played the fourth. = NPE
At the last, slightly shorter if I remember, it had been a 3- or a 4-iron for the second shot and I thought back to 1958 and the fourth at Lytham, But this rime the boss and I agreed on the 3-iron. = NPE
He hits his third into the rough.  = NPE
Confidence in this traditional system of government was enhanced by its absorption of democratic reform in the nineteenth century and by its survival through two world wars in the first half of the twentieth. = NPE
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE
The twenty-third was allotted to Jupiter, the twenty-fourth to Mars, and the first of the next day to the sun, which thus ruled Sunday, and so on through the week.  = NPE
The view that the Lord's Day is essentially the Jewish Sabbath — a ‘taboo’ day — transferred from the seventh to the first day of the week found expression from time to time in medieval law and theology.  = NPE
The animal and vegetal poles define the main axis of the embryo and the first two cleavages are parallel to it while the third is always at right angles to it.  = NPE
Of the three ladies who were attending to her, two were in middle age and the third in her early thirties. = NPE
Tristan has two near neighbours, both uninhabited, Nightingale and Inaccessible, and a third a couple of hundred kilometres further south, Gough Island; all of them are the battered remains of extinct volcanoes.  = NPE
According to the painstaking analysis of the records by Verbeek, the largest of these took place at 05.30, 06.44, 10.02 and 10.52 Krakatoa time, on the morning of 27 August; of these the third was much the most violent.  = NPE
Two of these Mrs Rose could trace but the third had been with Crabb when they said goodbye and was not amongst his personal possessions returned to Crabb's mother by ‘Smith’. = NPE
First and second gear are nearly impossible to shift up and down, or from third to second for the first two miles in winter.  = NPE
The gravity of the second would be reflected in heavier sentences. = NPE
One removes the red blood cells, leaving the plasma; the second removes the fatty cholesterol.  = NPE
Oakland's Dave Henderson scored the A's first run with a homer in the second inning and they scored their second on a single by Dave Parker.  = NPE
The Ford Pay claim coincides with negotiations at Vauxhall where leaders of the 9,000 manual workers have turned down a two-year offer giving 9.1 per cent in the first year and inflation plus £3 in the second. = NPE
Triumph did develop the Stag a little, but not enough to make the last of the series significantly better than the first. = NPE
One minute a well-behaved group of us — writers, intellectuals and so forth — were contentedly watching Zelda Plum dancing with the chinchilla on her head while Ken the Australian Horse Player offered odds ('Six to four the rat,’ he used to say, I do not know why, and on this particular evening the rat escaped and tripped up Robin Fox, London's most distinguished theatrical agent, who fell on top of Wales's friend, the actress Susan George) and the next a squad of hooligans were pushing people around and conjuring a piece of pot from Mrs Mouse's sewing basket.  = NPE
All of which shows that one man's staple is another man's delicatessen or, rather, that the necessities of one generation can become the luxuries of the next. = NPE
HUNGARY'S ruling Socialist Workers Party took a big step yesterday towards the complete abandonment of Communism when its president, Rezso Nyers, sketched out the contours of a new socialist movement capable of contesting next year's free elections, the first in Eastern Europe for 40 years. = NPE
The first accused Washington of backing the failed coup; the second, complaining of the Bush ‘wimp factor’, said the United States had not done enough.  = NPE
The first laugh of the evening came with the phrase ‘non-aligned countries like Nato’; the second with the observation that killing for the first time is ‘like sex’: Darke's audience of true believers was easily pleased.  = NPE
The second was a report on restructuring the business in the run-up to privatisation.  = NPE
The first is the amounts of money to be made in the business.  = NPE
The first is that insofar as people continue to believe the figures, the Government derives an unfair advantage. = NPE
The second is that official statistics become less and less use as a basis for rational debate, let alone for good decisions.  = NPE
Cricket, he claimed, was his second religion, but his first won him the loyalty and affection of generations, whether the staff and pupils of Worksop College, of which he was chaplain, or his parishioners at Blewbury in Oxfordshire, of which he was vicar from 1964 until his death, five days before he was due to retire.  = NPE
Tomorrow he delivers a lecture Beyond the Rhetoric: a cool look at architectural judgement as the first in a series by new professors at Leeds Polytechnic. = NPE
But they begin at the beginning, with three works derived from the Greeks; the first is Euripides's dramatised cantata of desolation, The Trojan Women. = NPE
The first is the world economic situation, which hits him in two ways.  = NPE
But this last is precisely what Mr Lawson has long wanted to do and the Prime Minister absolutely forbidden.  = NPE
Many vital stanzas were lost, although none could fail to mark the superbly engineered climax of the first song or the sensuous duet with the flute at the end of the second. = NPE
Two of the women turn Mangan into a blubbering infant, and a third polishes her nails with vigorous glee over the wallowing body of her sentimental admirer.  = NPE
The Army's new anti-tank weapons are being designed with ‘tandem warheads’; the first explodes reactive armour and the second penetrates the shell of the tank. = NPE
The Army's new anti-tank weapons are being designed with ‘tandem warheads’; the first explodes reactive armour and the second penetrates the shell of the tank.  = NPE
Singer Chris is probably the first since Silverfish's Lesley from these parts to totally revel in being a pack leader. = NPE
The audience is small, a few hundreds, of whom maybe a third are white. = NPE
The two contentions can seem analogous, but the second concerns overt motive, the first a highly arguable interpretation. = NPE
The two contentions can seem analogous, but the second concerns overt motive, the first a highly arguable interpretation. = NPE
I suspect it's because the 1992 election is the first in which the BBC is following ITN's lead by using exit polls. = NPE
The first was just 20 minutes after the polls closed when, during a sample of random live interviews in Manchester, a man with a business on the verge of bankruptcy cheerfully admitted that the Tories had got him into this and he relied on them to get him out. = NPE
I made 27 calls to Central Office, of which the best was the last. = NPE
The superstition that the third light from a match brings bad luck apparently originates from the first world war, when German soldiers in the opposite trench would notice the first light, take aim at the second and fire at the third. = NPE
But, inexorably, each atoning lapse is easier than the last. = NPE
The first part of the remark was tautologous (show me a peaceful terrorist); and the second was untrue: Gerry Adams had just lost his West Belfast constituency. = NPE
As the novel's second part charts Shimomura's exploits in his adopted western lands, the third reflects Roshan's childhood in Punjab and Bombay, among Hindu, Sikh and Parsee friends. = NPE
The first is that of Aphrodite and Adonis: Aphrodite, the great Goddess, hides the child Adonis in a chest and gives him to Persephone, Goddess of the Underworld, who falls in love with Adonis and refuses to give him back. = NPE
This doesn't try to be a smart book, and is probably the last where Clairmont will be Claire, but it is quite unpatronising. = NPE
An appropriate response might be for four strong women to hold him down while a fifth administers a local anaesthetic and removes his balls. = NPE
A fourth term, the first since 1826. = NPE
The first was from a destitute young woman about to be evicted and threatening to gas her four children, then herself. = NPE
The second is from a cleric pitted simultaneously against natural forces and galloping Dissent; and the third from a small farmer bent upon ‘Improvement’. = NPE
The second is from a cleric pitted simultaneously against natural forces and galloping Dissent; and the third from a small farmer bent upon ‘Improvement’. = NPE
Frenzied production one week gives way to nothing the next. = NPE
Korean establishments were the first the crowd seems to have made for. = NPE
The first is that there are very many far more important questions, even if this is an interesting one. = NPE
The second is that this may not be a proper question at all, because it can't be answered. = NPE
The first is the European Commission's insistence that abolition of border controls means what it says: come next year, there must be no passport or customs control whatever at Dover. = NPE
The first is the notion that all that is now required is ‘one more heave’. = NPE
It is genuinely disorienting playing to 300 students at Lampeter University one night, and then facing a meagre 15 punters at Treadwell's Art Mill in Bradford the next. = NPE
The first is fraternal, popular entertainment, and a financial godsend for health care and education. = NPE
The second is intensely combative performance art, and just about self-financing. = NPE
Another suggested it was produced by special nerve cells in the brain; a third that it came in units called psychonic impulses, generated when two nerves were in communication. = NPE
Zack had made eight calls in thirteen days — the ninth was about to come in. = NPE
When the garage door was closed all three men pulled on their tracksuits and masks, while one went into the house to warn the fourth. = NPE
‘Schramme was one of the first. = NPE
If the last is the case then those profits will either be retained in the company and reinvested, or they will be passed on to the shareholders as increased dividends. = NPE
The first was the one we have just described, in which the path of the cutting tool is analysed by a technician from inspection of the engineering drawing, described in formal mathematical language, and recorded on punched tape. = NPE
The first was an attempt to break down demarcation between skilled trades doing maintenance work — the moving towards so-called ‘two-trades maintenance’. = NPE
The second was to do with the design of the machinery to increase job cycle times and to reduce the extent to which work would be machine paced. = NPE
A third noted: ‘A few years ago I would have said gay or weak, but it's improving,’ = NPE
In some areas, however, the ‘wherever practicable’ is translated to mean the seventh day, not the first. = NPE
The first is that drivers spend most of their working lives, with their heads encased in a fibreglass bucket.  = NPE
The second is that drivers like to retain at least one common link with those fans who don't have private jets, Boss jeans, impossibly lithe blondes etc.  = NPE
The first is his education: we find in the first two books of The Prelude those experiences which Wordsworth regarded as formative. = NPE
The second was his residence in France during the French Revolution: this direct encounter with the main movement of the age led Wordsworth into constant political agony and debate, and it is significant that one of the main characters in The Excursion , his other long poem, is the Solitary, a despondent figure disillusioned by the failure of the Revolution.  = NPE
The first is the traditional perception, the second the one that is gaining ground fast. = NPE
The first is the traditional perception, the second the one that is gaining ground fast. = NPE
The first is the Birkett Report of 1957 and the second is a White Paper published by the Home Office in 1980, updating the account given twenty-three years earlier. = NPE
A number of safeguards were said to be in force, the first being that all applications had to be made in writing. = NPE
Both arguments failed with the Court responding to the first by holding that the existing notification procedures were enough, there being no need for mandatory notification in all cases: = NPE
The first relates to the extraordinarily wide scope of the warrants. = NPE
Office, but with no information about the numbers issued by the Foreign Office or the Northern Ireland Office), and the second being a mere five pages (with an appendix of one page), yet priced at £1.90 (Lloyd, 1988). = NPE
The first is Thomas v. Sawkins , where a public meeting was called in Glamorgan to protest against the Incitement to Disaffection Bill then before Parliament and to call for the dismissal of the Chief Constable of the county. = NPE
The first is that the NRC co-ordinates strategy and the deployment of officers on a national basis in consultation with the Home Office, which may well have keen political interests in the matter to hand. = NPE
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE
In Johannesburg, actually in the mining camp at Ferreira's Town, Frederick and Belle opened an hotel, which according to Robin Cranko was the first in the locality. = NPE
The ballet was not originally announced for the London season, but the company was persuaded to stay for an extra week and The Witch was premiered on 18 August the night before the last. = NPE
In the last lived old Mr Piggott, the sexton of St Andrew's. = NPE
Then the instrument was relaid with the crosshead towards the west so that the lengthening shadow gradually moved back along the hour marks to the twelfth. = NPE
The following century the Greek system of dating by successive Olympiads from the first in 776 BC was begun, either by the historian Timaeus of Sicily or by Eratosthenes, the famous librarian of the Museum in Alexandria and measurer of the earth, and later Greek chronology was based upon it.  = NPE
Each stage of development effectively sets the stage for the next. = NPE
The second wave was fifty yards away and bigger than the first. = NPE
On the first he could only straighten out to stay ahead of the whitewater; on the second he bailed out as the roof caved in. = NPE
On the first he could only straighten out to stay ahead of the whitewater; on the second he bailed out as the roof caved in.  = NPE
Although the English savant Roger Bacon deciphered the composition of gunpowder in the thirteenth century, it was used in the twelfth by the Moors in wars in Spain and so was probably known to the troops of Barbarossa, perhaps as a terrible Moorish secret weapon.  = NPE
The period between the end of the twelfth century and the middle of the thirteenth saw several crucial innovations in weaponry and armour which helped make the medieval knight what he was always intended to be: a superb fighting machine.  = NPE
It is not Naipaul's; it does not constitute the author's testament or confession on the subject of race relations and the rest of it. = NPE
Metty is a misfit, as Golding's Matty is in Darkness Visible , a novel which appeared at the same time as Naipaul's. = NPE
This is a book which takes for granted, and which has doubts about, the mingling of peoples, and it is a book which takes pride in its chosen people — Salim's people and, in some measure, Naipaul's. = NPE
Nail on the Banister by R. Stornaway, alias R. Scott, is an eloquent Scots joke of the Thirties, and it allows one to say that Glasser's banister was a bed of nails, but that his slides may have been less painful than Fraser's. = NPE
He could well have been called a victim, and his book consigns itself, as Fraser's does, to that large literature in which the sufferings of victims are recounted: but he does not see himself as a romantic orphan. = NPE
Glasser's vapours are different from Fraser's. = NPE
They stink, while Fraser's are mental.  = NPE
With the James, we are told who did it; in the Ackroyd, the matted fellow who is the chief suspect is never very securely identified as the author of the crimes — it is almost as if the inspector could have done it: so that Ackroyd's is an authorially uncertain work in which the authorship of its crimes is uncertain too. = NPE
A little earlier, a view of Eliot's has been paraphrased: that ‘there is no ‘truth’ to be found’ in the world, ‘only a number of styles and interpretations — one laid upon the other in an endless and apparently meaningless process’. = NPE
Byron's is not the only ghost to be detected here: the cold hearts of his precursors Lovelace and Laclos's Valmont are present in Pechorin, who has succeeded in attracting a certain princess. = NPE
It is clear enough, none the less, that the hero of that time is like the hero of some other times, including Hamlet's. = NPE
A linguistic point was made in the course of the review — that Julian Ormerod's lounge-bar slang is ‘continuous, in a way, with Patrick's cool utterance’ — and the review also made out that Ormerod's overdone good heart is continuous, in a way, with Jenny's. = NPE
Philip Roth's contribution to The Facts is (as distinct from Nathan Zuckerman's) significantly milder, in relation to family matters, than what we get in these abrasive comic fictions: but then the fictions can be nice too. = NPE
Bellow supported Roth's early work, and Roth's work was to bear a resemblance to Bellow's. = NPE
Two of the best plays to read from this period are Tourneur's The Revenger's Tragedy , and Webster's The White Devil . = NPE
Two of the best plays to read from this period are Tourneur's The Revenger's Tragedy , and Webster's The White Devil . = NPE
Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest is a must and of the large Shavian canon I suggest you read St Joan and The Doctor's Dilemma or Major Barbara to get a clear idea of his style and the kind of demands he makes of actors verbally. = NPE
Read Ubu , and you can see the connections with Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot , and Ionesco's The Chairs and The Bald Prima Donna . = NPE
And see his shipwrack and his commonweal's. = NPE
He followed this with Jack Absolute in The Rivals at the National Theatre and David Mamet's A Life in the Theatre with Freddie Jones at the Open Space. = NPE
In any case one person's typecasting isn't always another's. = NPE
I believe the ratio of men's jobs to women's is 8 to 1. = NPE
Its position on abortion itself was hardly ambiguous: the minutes of the Assembly meeting for 1982 point out ‘[the Assembly's] opposition to abortion on demand for purely social reasons, or as a means of birth control … [and] that in exceptional circumstances, where medical abortion might be necessary, the most stringent safeguards should be provided to prevent abuse’ (Presbyterian Church in Ireland 1930–86, General Assembly (1982), p. 61). = NPE
Look at Stravinsky's. = NPE
‘He'd just tasted Mrs Venables' cake and was cutting into Mrs Feather's. = NPE
Miss Pinkney's was a chocolate layer cake with cherries, angelica leaves, and pink sugar roses on it. = NPE
Mrs Doran's was a Victoria sponge with toasted almonds and walnut halves carefully arranged on the top. = NPE
Mrs Clancy's was a marble cake frosted white and decorated with chocolate curls and chocolate creams. = NPE
Mrs Yardley's was a plain sponge, but had been lacily covered with swirls and dollops and curlicues of golden buttercream icing dotted with candied violets.  = NPE
‘Or anyone else's.’  = NPE
She gave him a little push and, in a daze, he followed Dorothy and one or two of the others up the stairs to the room that had been and still seemed to be Bunty's. = NPE
She's Annabel's. = NPE
‘That's why her pastry is better than anyone else's.’ = NPE
I think they were that Lord Something's.’  = NPE
He became Channel 4's first Commissioning Editor for Sport when the channel opened in November 1982 and went on to become Senior Commissioning Editor with responsibility for a wide range of programmes including documentaries and children's. = NPE
While we were all getting ready for work one morning, a few days after the above conversation, one of the other girls (Martha) transferred a fifty-pound note from her handbag to the pocket of her apron, which was at that point still hanging by the door with everyone else's. = NPE
Try to keep drinking to a minimum when you are pregnant, for the sake of your own health and your baby's. = NPE
‘I feel I'm free-falling, Jay,’ said Lucy, her hand light and warm in Jay's. = NPE
Or John and Siobhan's?’ = NPE
And then to Dionne's for a late night supper. = NPE
Felt her naked legs against Lucy's. = NPE
She held a book, reached out to a tall glass of pale gold wine, a twin to Jay's. = NPE
The woman's room was bare as Jay's. = NPE
This chapter will examine the rules of competition from the competitors' point of view, rather than from the referees'. = NPE
James at once poured him wine from a fresh jug and refilled his own glass and Cameron's. = NPE
They all took a break then, to eat their oatcakes and drink jugs of beer from Anderson's. = NPE
Sandy McGlashan was not yet back from Anderson's. = NPE
But while he argues for general connections between the rites, incidentally ignoring the many repudiations of Gnosticism that were made of it by early Christian leaders, his viewpoint is much more balanced than Scobie's.)  = NPE
She took his breath away, as she did most men's. = NPE
Had she picked up someone else's by mistake? = NPE
most injuries were to the head or the chest, so Alan's were unusual. = NPE
Mickey Rourke was a possibility because his eyes were similar to Alan's. = NPE
Trevor Newsom's face appeared to one side of Derek's. = NPE
His lips touched Susan's. = NPE
But the voice that replied was Godfrey's. = NPE
‘About time,’ the voice was Luke's. = NPE
Stephen Stich (1983) presents a case for a syntactic theory of mind which is more radical than Fodor's. = NPE
She's glad Jeff's are brown.  = NPE
The customs officer checks our passports, notes the absence of a visa in both the Mexicans'. = NPE
Edward Aveling's interests in the signs of class were not the same as Eleanor's. = NPE
Whereas Adam and Prokofiev's leitmotifs heighten the emotional content of the love theme, Tchaikovsky's are there to create the right atmosphere and to emphasise the conflict.  = NPE
Mine is glittering and blue and rather fearful; the pin's is brown and disinterested. = NPE
Unless you are spending a long time somewhere I suggest you simply turn up at a crag and scrounge a look at someone else's. = NPE
The illustration of double ropes being used to protect a second on a traverse is incorrect; the drawing of a double-fisherman's knot is actually of a single-fisherman's; the section on rigging anchors seems very sketchy with no consideration of using the rope to equally load them, rather than slings; different types of shunt are discussed for self-protection on abseils but there is no mention of the cheap, simple prussik knot as an alternative, or the even more effective French prussik linking the controlling rope to the leg-loop of the harness.  = NPE
We didn't like the food, we preferred Mum's. = NPE
Danilov, The Voice observed, had probably not even begun to contemplate his murder when Dostoevsky was shaping Raskolnikov's. = NPE
So it produces an odd sensation to learn, again from Anna, that this superstition was in fact Dostoevsky's. = NPE
Stepan Verkhovensky kits himself up with umbrella, travelling-bag, walking stick, broad-brimmed hat, belted overcoat and top-boots like a hussar's; and — Quixote overlaid for English readers by Pickwick, the White Knight, Mr Toad — he talks the language of ‘high adventure’ and the open road: ‘there's a great idea in the open road too!’  = NPE
He lived in 1935 (when I last saw him) in the utmost simplicity, although if he had been a little more conciliatory he could always have earned enough for his comfort — and his wife's; but he never valued anything that money could buy as he valued the integrity of his sharp-shooting mind. = NPE
The masterly masculinity of ‘cuff’ may be thought to belong with Dryden's conception of the grand style more than with Virgil's. = NPE
Tate, so devoted to Eliot's precedent, appears to have dismissed as amiably perfunctory the respect that Eliot, not quite consistently but repeatedly, accorded to Pound's prose-writings and Pound's literary opinions; and — so it might be argued, though this is not the place for it — Tate's own verse, and the verse of those he influenced, were the worse for having taken note of Eliot's precedent without attending equally to Pound's. = NPE
Guide to Kulchur gives us Pound at his most personal, at his most deliberately vulnerable; it is here that we find him wondering aloud, for instance, if the body of his work to that date could be mentioned in the same breath with Thomas Hardy's. = NPE
The italics are Eliot's. = NPE
But while Burrows' concerns are revealed only tangentially, Smith's are delivered with her usual immediacy. = NPE
This exercises all the muscles in the body, and in your neighbours' as well! 6.  = NPE
He lost Manoj Prabhakar, carried away by the exuberance of his own and everybody else's strokeplay, but Kapil Dev survives - and he is the only Indian who has made a faster Test hundred than Azharuddin's. = NPE
The Safety Director's is a delicate job, requiring diplomacy in dealing with academics and researchers traditionally used to autonomy in their laboratories.  = NPE
Given time, it may also be the sporting viewers'. = NPE
Bradman's and Lipton's demands on speed, cost and high-floor areas are no less than other developers'. = NPE
Typically, the Birmingham man's interest in writing for television coincided with the East Anglia one's. = NPE
Nordic composers around the turn of the century were not immune from quasi-medieval minstrelsy, or from routinely voluptuous piano arpeggios like Mendelssohn's. = NPE
The results put into perspective the hefty pay rises recently secured by certain notorious chief executives; but they still show boardroom salaries growing faster than middle management's. = NPE
And, as Mao's reputation slipped, so too did Chen's. = NPE
I suppose it does not matter that this was a policy until lately dear to his heart, and even dearer to his wife's. = NPE
It is not a well-drilled rally like the Conservatives'. = NPE
Television, both BBC's coverage for 20 years and ITV's for the past five, not only attracted lucrative sponsorships but developed a greater interest among the young.  = NPE
More seriously, his understated, meditative style is lost: the impression is that his timing is fine, the audience's is all wrong: ‘I was talking to someone at a party the other night … he happened to mention that he was reading Virginia Woolf's letters.  = NPE
Prices in some areas have dropped by between 10 and 20 per cent this year and the number of sales has been half last year's. = NPE
Thus, perhaps without realising the implications, the Soviet parliament gave the go-ahead for the most revolutionary experiment here since Lenin's New Economic Policy of the 1920s: for a massive delegation of powers from the centre, permitting a single republic to create its own market-oriented economy, with its own budget, and to redraw economic rules which basically Stalin's. = NPE
Tristano's was an improvised music, and part of its quality was that it wasn't as flashy and virtuosic as bebop.  = NPE
If Peter Greenaway's camera is anything but a participating human representative, Gilbert's is nothing else, addressed, ogled, and even winked at by the heroine.  = NPE
For now they sit like shareholders at the annual general meeting of a company whose profits have fallen on last year's. = NPE
The Prime Minister has far more sympathy for Mr Ridley's view than Mr Patten's. = NPE
‘We want industry to cut down on its own waste and make better use of other people's. = NPE
And it is looking increasingly as if the date will be as much Mr Mandela's own decision as the government's. = NPE
It is also premature to assume that the single European market means that rival continental financial centres will deliberately keep regulatory standards below London's. = NPE
Sara Calloway, of Women Against Rape, said the 18-year-old victim's character had been put on trial and not the police officer's. = NPE
Britain's leading wave-jumping event, in its fourth year, is staged in Tiree because the swells most resemble Hawaii's. = NPE
This might be a glitch in the translation, but when Casaubon observes, ‘Life isn't simple, the way it is in detective stories’, the gobsmacking banality can only be the author's. = NPE
In addition Gary Nesbitt, who was the non-executive deputy chairman, and Michael Isaacs, who was the development director, have agreed to a non-competition agreement, which last for two years in Mr Nesbitt's case and 18 months in Mr Isaacs'. = NPE
There are various manifestos: many of the hunger strikers have put up their own, alongside Angela Kunze's. = NPE
Khrushchev's was the first and only involuntary departure of an established Kremlin leader.  = NPE
It is claimed this route would cost £1bn less than BR's. = NPE
For a moment Mr Healey recalled Mr Powell again, saying his own Italian was better than Enoch's. = NPE
He is the only major figure offering an alternative party programme which is not a watered-down version of Mrs Thatcher's. = NPE
The voice was Tony's. = NPE
(Though Conservative chances were always rated much higher than Labour's.) = NPE
Partisanship was the main influence on Thatcher's and Kinnock's scores but not Steel's or Owen's; and even for Thatcher and Kinnock the partisan influence was weaker than on other aspects of their image.  = NPE
Thus not long after the start of NEP, in a province as sleepy as Kursk, we find already the seeds of socio-economic decay, from a Marxist point of view (Yakovlev's), leading to possible political difficulties for the centre.  = NPE
Northern Ireland's was heavily a public-sector economy; its rate of unemployment, at 21 per cent, was the highest in Britain.  = NPE
The reunion is held every two years and although this year's was intended to be the last, organiser John Gray of Plymouth, said: ‘Every time I say I'm not going to do it again, they twist my arm to plan another.’ = NPE
This debate caused a reaction in the direction opposite to Frank's. = NPE
He said that as a boy at school he had such experiences and wondered whether they were like Michael's. = NPE
This is usually recoupable, so the band should realize that they are spending their own money on tour, and not the record company's. = NPE
It may flesh-out Burbank's story, and it may strip away some of the glory from the Shakespearian version of Antony's. = NPE
He tells it to an Indian friend, and soon ceases to speak the tale in his own language, substituting instead the Indian's. = NPE
Tortured between the city and the savage, Eliot's was a nightmare world.  = NPE
In 1924, though, Eliot has come to perceive The Golden Bough as a ‘stupendous compendium of human superstition and folly’, seeing in it increasingly less ‘interpretation’, so that it has become ‘a statement of fact’ which is not involved in the maintenance or fall of any theory of Frazer's. = NPE
Ranging from London to Melanesia, Eliot's artist's vision is wider than Arnold's. = NPE
No matter how corny the characters in the picture postcard parish of Rathcullen, I recognised the fields, I knew the smell of Guinness from drunk men's breath, and my father wore a cap just like Darby O'Gill's. = NPE
These are Genet's reconstructions, and perhaps the gulf, the void, are his as well as the soldiers'. = NPE
I was still living with my parents at the time and I'd not long passed my driving test — with Bernie's assistance — so I borrowed my old man's Austin Cambridge one Sunday morning and drove over to Nick's. = NPE
This new zeal was strange in a way because John wasn't really our idea, but Malcolm's. = NPE
We bumped into Strummer on the corner of Old Compton Street and Frith Street, just down the road from Ronnie Scott's. = NPE
When, however, internal opposition was determined, as Heseltine's was, the danger materialized. = NPE
Aided by her Press Officer, Bernard Ingham, the media more and more present government policies as Mrs Thatcher's. = NPE
Tom Jones, whose source was Lothian, also said that the formula was Snowden's. = NPE
Keynes's was by no means a lone voice criticizing the extent of government commitments overseas, The (unpublished) Economic Survey for 1946, the Balance of payments Working party, and the Bank of England all expressed grave doubts on this score.  = NPE
She had seen that instantly the next afternoon; in Rachel's eyes she recognised the same melting joy as she had seen in Lisa's. = NPE
She felt furious on her father's behalf and oddly compassionate on her mother's. = NPE
It was a clear diagnosis, the same as Tom's. = NPE
‘He said he was going over to O'Neill's for an hour.’ = NPE
At the end of the long road Reynolds' was the first house they had to pass and they started to cringe into themselves behind Moran even before they got to the little hedge of privet above the whitewashed stones. = NPE
They were so intent on watching every car that they failed to pick up Moran's until it was turning slowly in the gate under the yew tree.  = NPE
‘Dialectic’ is a term which he borrows from Hegel but which he uses in a very different sense to Hegel's. = NPE
In many ways societies such as the Trobrianders' are obsessed with exchange, but with a form of exchange of a totally different nature to that envisaged by Marx and most economists. = NPE
There were commons, some of them bridled, and there were also Brünnich's. = NPE
It may not be quite what Siqueiros envisaged, but Gironella's is an authentically Mexican solution. = NPE
This is the densest, yet at the same time one of the most persuasive sections of the book, wherein a variety of arguments drawn from the analytic tradition are deployed against Nietzsche's lineage: Quine and Davidson on a theory of meaning both holistic and realist — demonstrating that there are more ways out of atomism and the myths of the given than Saussure's; and an anti-relativist notion of truth as a ‘regulative ideal’ derived from Tarski, Popper and Lakatos. = NPE
Albeit less impressionistic and insightful, Kemp's analysis is of broader scope and greater clarity than de Santillana's. = NPE
A woman can have Izzat but it is not her own — it is her husband's or father's. = NPE
The women I spoke to were almost always subsidiary wage earners; the money they brought in was essential for survival but was not the main wage of the family and their jobs were often far more unpleasant than their husband's. = NPE
My story is similar to Annie's in that I made the same mistake and thought of my granddaughter as a substitute child.  = NPE
He put one arm around Jack's waist and the other, after a barely discernible pause, around Maurice's. = NPE
‘Then it's all mine now, mine and Nora's.’  = NPE
The truculent harsh voice was Pertwee's. = NPE
He remembered the scene quite vividly, taking the woman into the mortuary and uncovering the faces, Jerome Fanshawe's first and then the girl's. = NPE
One was Mrs Fanshawe's. = NPE
Her hand was small, but, ringless and with short nails as it was, it was like a man's. = NPE
I never brushed it or nothing like I do to Marie's. = NPE
She's got a friend with her — a girl with long shiny hair like Marie's. = NPE
Its eyes are like glass beads — you know, like a toy's. = NPE
Though the weapons and equipment are constantly modernised (the Micks got the new design of helmets two years ago, the new rifles last year, and we are due the new webbing next year), Napoleon's generals would still have recognised the discipline and aggression, as would the Kaiser's, and Hitler's. = NPE
The rest of the blood seeped away from Herr Nordern's face, leaving it as white as his wife's. = NPE
‘You're going to Fräulein Silber's.’ = NPE
Very few people, at nineteen or twenty, have the humility or cynicism to realize that their thoughts on any particular book will coincide with eerie exactitude to everyone else's. = NPE
It was ‘perfectly beastly’ as Warnie said in his diary, to see ‘P's grave with its fresh turned earth and a handful of withered daffodils at its head alongside Mamy's. = NPE
There are not many better books than Lewis's. = NPE
Many hearts were torn out that day, among them the Prince's. = NPE
She had walked away from finishing school and she had walked away from Miss Vacani's; and her parents had never sought to interfere with her freedom, or impose restrictions on her.  = NPE
Polo is the Prince's game because it was his father's game and also Mountbatten's; and it is the ultimate test. = NPE
So was it Diana's. = NPE
Their marriage was not like anyone else's. = NPE
As a teenager, I longed to have a curtain of hair like Paul McCartney's or John Lennon's. = NPE
In the event, whenever I did try to grow it, it ended up looking like Jimi Hendrix's. = NPE
The first big challenge was the dynamic dancer's hair, which we all agreed was bit like a Seventies pop star's. = NPE
‘The total turnover of our top UK designers, who are so well-publicised,’ he says, ‘doesn't match even Ralph Lauren's. = NPE
And now societies still interested in the conversion possibility will be carefully weighing up the reception given to the Guardian scheme compared with Abbey's. = NPE
They would just like to keep on playing, they claim, and if they have children they would probably use educational methods similar to their father's. = NPE
But Bob's is a world of black and white: muppet and non-muppet.  = NPE
Is he worried his end will be the same as Chico's? = NPE
The first, featuring the American adolescent altoist, Christopher Hollyday, was uneven — Hollyday's famous virtuosity sounding faintly stiff and cramped by comparison with the local prodigy, Jason Rebello's. = NPE
Peter Brook's central achievement in the television version is to seize on the screen's ability to make a seamless connection between two senses of ‘illusion’, the philosopher's and the magician's. = NPE
The old revolutionary slogan ‘All power to the Soviets’ is as much Mr Gorbachev's as that of the radical reformers. = NPE
Even new towns may have a heart and Basingstoke's is beating warmly.  = NPE
Second, the architecture should reflect that America's security — politically, militarily and economically — remains linked to Europe's. = NPE
Dave Sexton, the B team manager, said Gascoigne's was ‘the perfect midfield performance’.  = NPE
Nintendo's is a pocket version of its Entertainment System currently gracing over 15 million American TV sets, though it is actually incompatible with it. = NPE
Other people's nationalism is never easy to fathom, but Panama's is more than usually overlaid with issues of race (white and black) and class (rich and poor).  = NPE
Like many advances in scientific knowledge, Fairbanks's is rooted in a simple technique.  = NPE
The tunnels, given to us by Victorians and Edwardians, are slim, with no twin-tracking-that's why we can't have an all-night service like New York's; the tracks have to be walked for maintenance and defluffing nightly. = NPE
No subway system in the world (save Hong Kong's) makes a profit; in Rome, 82 per cent of public transport operating costs are met by public subsidy, in Paris, 52 per cent. = NPE
The late non-appearance of Stroitel Kiev, the Soviet champions, from the men's tournament and BCN Sao Paulo, the holders and Brazilian champions, from the women's has left the line-up looking sicklier than ever.  = NPE
But besides the inconvenience to the long-suffering paying customer — and Liverpool's have suffered more than any from TV whim — it begs the question of whether the tail is wagging the dog.  = NPE
The Jesus and Mary Chain's perpetual twilight adolescence, cooped in their bedrooms, steeping themselves in pop and producing, years later, pop of their own, veined (like Prince's) with references and allusions.  = NPE
My roots and my family's have gone deeply into the fields and woods which the General must have owned in the 18th Century.’  = NPE
Little did we know that it would result in one of the most amazing periods of any of our lives — including David's I'm sure. = NPE
But even in a bad year like that one, US production was nearly eight times greater than the Soviet Union's. = NPE
And so it has gone on, although by the end of the 1980s it was evident that the patience of even a government as dedicated to the eventual triumph of nuclear power as Mrs Thatcher's was showing signs of severe strain. = NPE
To all that can be added the fact that Poland's economic crisis and its indebtedness (at $39 billion) is worse than East Germany's. = NPE
The proposal by the President of the Commission, Jacques Delors, in Strasbourg on 17 January 1990 that the EC should treat the six East European countries as if they were backward regions of the Community and extend structural support to them brought gasps of disbelief from every government except West Germany's. = NPE
Interesting that the offices of Yeo Davis should be very much less at the leading edge of modern design than the solicitors' which they had just seen, McLeish thought, and murmured as much to Catherine Crane, who laughed.  = NPE
The first was the news from Cambridge: the samples of blood and hair collected by his long-suffering team were confirmed as a match to the dead girl's. = NPE
And his assistant's.’ = NPE
The ‘not invented here’ syndrome is as prevalent in US military thinking as it is in Britain's. = NPE
All are small, but Hector's is the tiniest, reaching only 1.4 metres (4 feet 6 inches) maximum length, and weighing no more than 40–47 kg (88–103 lb) when fully grown.  = NPE
Max Baucus, chairman of the Senate's international trade subcommittee, talks of ending the Uruguay round and protecting national interests with bilateral agreements, farm subsidies and use of section 301 of America's trade act to force other countries to open their markets by threatening to close America's. = NPE
Worse, only 65% of Japan's roads are paved, compared with almost all of Britain's and Germany's. = NPE
America's populist politicians, who long considered big banking as anathema, now see that even America's largest banks look Lilliputian in comparison with Japan's and Europe's. = NPE
At the same time, both the White House and the State Department recognise that Soviet foreign policy will be driven by Soviet national interests, and that these will not always coincide with America's. = NPE
But Britain's view of the future of the EC has more in common with France's than Germany's. = NPE
But Britain's view of the future of the EC has more in common with France's than Germany's. = NPE
Indeed, since 1986 unit labour costs have risen more slowly in France than Germany, and by the end of this year France's rate of consumer-price inflation could be lower than Germany's. = NPE
Exports to Germany are equivalent to 15% of Holland's GDP, 12% of Belgium's and 11% of Austria's, compared with only 4% of France's and 3% of Italy's and Britain's. = NPE
While commercial-property markets in America, Britain and Japan are in the doldrums, Germany's is still booming. = NPE
Even without that decision, there are already signs that the new Berlin market will resemble London's. = NPE
IT HAS become clear these past few years that London's investment houses are rather worse at managing their own affairs than their clients'. = NPE
Marshal Akhromeev admitted that his views differed from Mr Gorbachev's. = NPE
Both firms have low headquarters costs — last year BTR's were less than .5% of net profits. = NPE
Forecasting doom is a habit of Mrs Prophet's. = NPE
In all of Asia only India had more cases — and India's population is 15 times Thailand's. = NPE
Other countries' budgets are less frivolous than America's, but the process is stretched out and therefore less exciting than Britain's. = NPE
Britain's is content to debate it all after the decisions have been made, and then pass the lot virtually unamended. = NPE
The standards it sets on promotion are lower even than Britain's. = NPE
By contrast, forecasts TRC, a British consultant, East European spending on equipment (including Russia's) could double to $30 billion by 2000, not far behind that of America's.  = NPE
By contrast, forecasts TRC, a British consultant, East European spending on equipment (including Russia's) could double to $30 billion by 2000, not far behind that of America's. = NPE
FOR the first time since April 1987 America's stockmarket is again bigger than Japan's. = NPE
If sociobiologists have tended sometimes to describe higher societies (such as man's) too much as if they were simpler ones, some entomologists have been guilty of the reverse.  = NPE
Yet an unsuccessful war in the Gulf might have left Mr Solarz vulnerable to the charge that he had put Israel's interests above America's. = NPE
The estimated cost of the project, which includes a port and transport links as well as the airport proper, took everyone's breath away, not just China's. = NPE
But with defence spending already falling away (this year's defence budget is 7–8% in real terms below last year's), the chance looks bleak. = NPE
Many of them are losing their jobs, but they cannot move to Serbia because its economy is in even worse shape than Croatia's. = NPE
This has not undermined Hong Kong's competitiveness, however, because Hong Kong's overall labour productivity is still rising faster than America's. = NPE
For instance, other EMS currencies account for 72% of the French franc's trade-weighted basket, and the dollar accounts for 44% of the yen's. = NPE
Mr Saegusa calls the finished piece ‘an ode to Mozart from the Orient,’ explaining that the new music is his own, rather than a supplement to Mozart's. = NPE
The Americans refused to confirm publicly that the embassy was Iraq's. = NPE
Several French bankers stormed out of one meeting, grumbling that Britain's legal standards had sunk to the level of Venezuela's. = NPE
And banks say that John Major's Treasury and local-government ministers have given them a more sympathetic hearing than Margaret Thatcher's. = NPE
It may be that the gap between Mr Yeltsin's policies and Mr Gorbachev's is too great. = NPE
As Mr Khalil points out, the arch is both a literal image of Mr Hussein (those are his arms and no one else's), and a giant reflection of how he sees himself.  = NPE
Since these could not be tasted while Iraq's oil revenues were low, Mr Hussein sought to raise his revenues by stealing Kuwait's. = NPE
An English-speaking population half the size of Cuba's is scattered over 2,000 miles, from the Bahamas in the Atlantic to Guyana on the American mainland — more still, if you go by way of Belize — complete with more than a dozen governors-general, parliaments, prime ministers, judiciaries and bureaucracies. = NPE
Britain's tax burden could be 15% lower as a share of GDP than the rest of the EC's. = NPE
If industry is anyone's slave, it is these people's. = NPE
Britons complain about it all the time: nominal interest rates at 15–20%, depending on the borrower, make most managers believe that their capital costs more than anybody's. = NPE
Their Soviet-made weapons do not fit with the West's. = NPE
Well-laid plans are all very well, but things beyond the control of economists or politicians can make one country's reform happen faster than another's. = NPE
The European Council began to meet in 1974, at the prompting of France, which wanted the EC to have a guiding authority similar to the French presidency's. = NPE
With $1.5 billion of coffee exports last year, Colombia's share overtook Brazil's for the first time.  = NPE
But she did not know our ways and her complaints or corrections were harsh by comparison with my mother's. = NPE
None of Edward's have survived, but to judge from the cross-references in the forty-five extant replies from Helen — which Edward preserved carefully and in order for the rest of his life — he wrote about sixty between 15 May and 27 July 1896. = NPE
Just yours and mine, no one else's . = NPE
I saw eyes as unkindly as stuffed fox's. = NPE
They always had to be constrained in public, Sundays or not; and if anything they were less so on Sunday, when sometimes their clothes were pretty, and at least were seldom black, navy blue or grey as the men's were invariably … .  = NPE
A hair was stuck to it, a red one, the boy's. = NPE
‘They're my Dad's. = NPE
Even now as he stood there by the kitchen table he could see Caspar closing in on the weaker lamb, and he could hear that weird and terrible wailing of Lee's. = NPE
They were passing Mrs Wright's. = NPE
Looking at it he saw that it was Mrs Wright's. = NPE
It was hers, Mrs Wright's. = NPE
‘It's hers, Mrs Wright's.’ = NPE
He was shivering, and his teeth were chattering like Philip's did when his Dad had kept him in the swimming bath too long. = NPE
The SDLP-sister-party line is a particular favourite of Kevin McNamara's. = NPE
‘My responsibilities are European, so are Mark's. = NPE
He closed the door behind him and walked slowly down the corridor until he reached the top of the marble staircase, passing his own office and Pat Muldoon's without wishing to take a last look. = NPE
(He had always had difficulty remembering exactly when her birthday or any other girl's was.) = NPE
 If Anthony was somebody else's he could at least have the decency to shut up about it like his mother had. = NPE
The third level of fantasy also involved a funeral — his wife's. = NPE
 He found it and rang it, giving exactly the same sort of excuse as Eleanor's. = NPE
Then there were free samples of pile ointment, Bob Martin's for constipated dogs (she was a bitch, he reasoned) and contraceptives. = NPE
 The man's lips were narrow and pale where the boy's were full — almost swollen. = NPE
 Nor his father's. = NPE
 A woman's. = NPE
 ‘If not,’ murmured Doyle, ‘you will know that Harriet Shakespeare has chosen to save those important lives — instead of saving her son's. = NPE
 Gloria said he only went along with her because of the housing shortages, because he knew he was lucky to have a room at all, even if it was only half a room at Mrs Parvis's. = NPE
 Dot wanted to be back in their room at Mrs Parvis's. = NPE
 ‘Back at Mrs Parvis's.’ = NPE
 ‘Lovely fresh butter from the herd down at Mrs Elphinstone's. = NPE
 People didn't even know most other people's names let alone their dogs'. = NPE
 The lamb had a nice expression rather like a kitten's. = NPE
 There was nothing like this back at Mrs Parvis's. = NPE
 Back at Mrs Parvis's was an indoor world. = NPE
 Dot remembered how the bowl of each spoon at Mrs Parvis's was stained a streaky brown, and bent crooked at the shaft, with NAAFI stamped on the handle. = NPE
 They sported knives like Jordi's. = NPE
 I feel my heart beat like a boy's [AC6 936] On Christmas morning, in a house of toys. = NPE
There were bitter memories of broken love for Alan, a good-looking Londoner I had fallen for while I was still at Madame Sheba's. = NPE
 His blond stubble was silky and made his mouth as exciting as an adolescent boy's. = NPE
 Such a loving heart as Richie's is rarely found. = NPE
 I might go round to Bella's. = NPE
 Fleming's didn't. = NPE
And when he died of drink in 1957 it was to a strangely quiet Press, considering that only just before his fall he was supposed to have the support of fifty per cent of his countrymen, according to the polls, and a power almost greater than the President's. = NPE
The paradox continues that each side's military-industrial complex guarantees the prosperity of the other side's. = NPE
He felt bold enough to ask her: ‘What made you run out of Mr Zamoyski's?’ = NPE
It's obviously old, just like Vic's. = NPE
 They were all bitterly jealous of Sweetheart because she was so clean, with beautiful hands, long painted nails and a face like a film-star's. = NPE
 Taking cuttings and collecting seeds will ensure that next year's garden is even more colourful than this year's [ACX 325] Note any gaps in the flower borders that can be filled with other plants next year. = NPE
He wondered, briefly, whether it would be repulsive making love to an intersex, even one whose enhancements were as familiar to him as Zambia's. = NPE
 Tammuz put his hand over Roirbak's. = NPE
 He put a hand on her shoulder, and then one on Nathan's. = NPE
 ‘Of all the voices of the Establishment,’ wrote Henry Fairlie in 1959, ‘the British Broadcasting Corporation's is the most powerful.’ = NPE
 The sacrament was Christ's, not the minister's. = NPE
 The kind of society which came into being in Europe was a more homogeneous Christian society, less differentiated than Augustine's. = NPE
 It is always salutary to question whether edicts are obeyed, and it is true that many of Charlemagne's do not emphasize sanctions but assume a sense of shared moral responsibility throughout society. = NPE
 When I put the mop on my head, I didn't want dreadlocks, I wanted blonde hair like Sindy's. = NPE
 Al-Shiraa's was a small piece, about the clandestine visit by McFarlane to Tehran in May. = NPE
 The whole operation was for Reagan's sake, as well as the hostages'; it was a present for him, preferably one to be delivered by Christmas, or by the State of the Union address in January, or by the elections in November. = NPE
 But looked at in its full historical perspective, Karajan's career from 1929 to 1949 was as subject to trauma, disruption, and the vagaries of the times as the next man's. = NPE
In this, Salzburg is no different from Bayreuth or Glyndebourne or the fledgling Rossini Festival in Pesaro, where first-night tickets comfortably outstrip Salzburg's. = NPE
 She was lolling in bed, her mouth wet and slack like a gormless child's. = NPE
 And Simon made his mouth hang open, like Marie's did when she was con fused. = NPE
 = NPE
 ‘We can't get into much trouble at Mona's.’ = NPE
 Clarissa, Charles and I ran into Colonel Bumford — Oh Bumford, I see the connection — the other evening at Mona's.’ = NPE
 Charles unbuckled his ski straps and stuck skis and sticks in the snow beside Peregrine's. = NPE
 No space is devoted here to anybody's feelings, not to Isaac's, nor the servants'. = NPE
 Complete love, such as God's is, demands all. = NPE
Now Esau's birthright is truly Jacob's. = NPE
Are we not presented in the stories of Christ's passion and crucifixion with a picture of God at men's (and it is men's , not women's) mercy? = NPE
If the God of 1 Samuel 4 refuses to play Israel's game, in chapter 5 he refuses to play Philistia's. = NPE
The practical problems are that there may be no evidence of violence on the woman's body, which usually means that the case will be a question of the victim's word against the defendant's; this may lead the police to be sceptical of the woman's complaint, or may incline the prosecutor to accept a plea of guilty to the lesser charge of indecent assault. = NPE
 I've got enough troubles of my own without watching other people's. = NPE
I was almost too tired to eat in the old, flagged kitchen hung with gleaming copper pans and jelly moulds, but the macaroni cheese was as good as Aunt Bedelia's. = NPE
 I'm fed up, I don't make much dirt so why have I got to spend my life cleaning up other people's? = NPE
Madonna's career is not dissimilar to Cher's. = NPE
The Dutch market, which like Denmark's is export driven, only more so, and is heavily reliant on bacon exports to the UK, began a rise at the end of June, but last week prices dropped 7% and the fall looks like continuing. = NPE
Combines are just beginning to move in the midlands, with harvest start dates well adrift of last year's. = NPE
 There's a useful 159lb ft torque at 2100rpm just after the turbo comes on stream, and the lighter three-door has all the power it reasonably needs, even though it is not as smoothly delivered as the Shogun's. = NPE
 On top of a worker's take-home pay, we are charged 53% of it in social security payments — that is 15% employee's contribution and 38% employer's. = NPE
 Or are they gleaming and pristine like a cabinet minister's? = NPE
 The United States population increased by twenty-eight million in ten years, at a rate even faster than India's. = NPE
 The established, and now publicized, fact that women's sexual capacity increases with age, at least until the late twenties, and stays at this peak for decades, while men's is already declining, came as a shock both to men, who suddenly discovered they were the unlucky sex, and to women who had not realized what they had been missing. = NPE
 Jayne Mansfield's were insured for a million dollars.  = NPE
 I also loved The Flintstones , I wanted to have a car like Fred Flintstone's with my feet poking out of the bottom,’ said Kylie. = NPE
 ‘Violet reads poetry,’ she offered by way of explanation, ‘especially Mrs Browning's. = NPE
 This birth was so quick and easy, Wilson could not think it the same process as Oreste's. = NPE
 Ferdinando's were the stronger. = NPE
 She no longer wrote to Ferdinando nor to anyone else except Ellen and these were dutiful enquiries after Oreste's health with reports of her own and Pilade's. = NPE
 For this reason there were no candidates' addresses, no attempts to persuade the voters that one candidate's policies were better than another's. = NPE
 One anthropologist who studied an even more elaborately created system of autonomy than the Zuwaya's has been criticized for ignoring routine and frequent contact between autonomous leaders and state governments: so it is academically important to probe into the actual relations of Zuwaya and Magharba with the Turkish authorities. = NPE
 Between father and son, also, some things specifically belonged to one or the other: a child's bicycle was his, not his father's. = NPE
 ‘No one,’ Perkin said, his voice an echo of Tremayne's. = NPE
‘Yes, except that while I was pulling Harry along to that far corner to give him better support, someone opened the main door above our heads, like I told you, and then went away without saying anything, and I heard a car drive off, which might have been Harry's.’ = NPE
 I shall be the first writer at an Inaugural since Frost at John Kennedy's. = NPE
 Rushed along through the dark, their faces soon settled to the same blank, tranced appearance as everyone else's. = NPE
She received warm applause, and during the interval respectable queues formed before her table of books, as before N'dosi's. = NPE
 I admired their good humour, especially Surkov's. = NPE
 If, therefore, minorities created insecurity, in Scotland it was not the crown but the nobility who suffered, making hay, no doubt, while the sun shone, but knowing that in the end the sileage would be the king's. = NPE
 Elizabeth's upbringing was certainly at the other end of the spectrum from Mary's. = NPE
 Spurgeon's was the greatest single influence in ensuring that the Greeks were never totally defeated. = NPE
 He also said, to the delight of those Nonconformists who read his memoirs, that Watson's tour was far more successful than Matthew Arnold's. = NPE
 Thomas of Milton, warden of Inglewood Forest from 1222 until 1265, had the right to hunt ‘hare, fox, wild cat, wolf, badger, otter, marten, squirrel and all woodland beasts save hart and hind, fallow buck and his doe, wild boar and sow, which are the king's. = NPE
 Marie Grubbe's was a story of love. = NPE
 Even Joy Prentice had her arm linked through Caroline's though they were almost too tired to walk. = NPE
‘You got nobody's interests at heart but Jackie Tiptoe's. = NPE
Todger's mind was made up if nobody else's was. = NPE
 His wife smiles at him adoringly, her mouth as red as Snow White's. = NPE
