It is not Naipaul's; it does not constitute the author's testament or confession on the subject of race relations and the rest of it. = NPE-P
Metty is a misfit, as Golding's Matty is in Darkness Visible , a novel which appeared at the same time as Naipaul's. = NPE-P
This is a book which takes for granted, and which has doubts about, the mingling of peoples, and it is a book which takes pride in its chosen people — Salim's people and, in some measure, Naipaul's. = NPE-P
Nail on the Banister by R. Stornaway, alias R. Scott, is an eloquent Scots joke of the Thirties, and it allows one to say that Glasser's banister was a bed of nails, but that his slides may have been less painful than Fraser's. = NPE-P
He could well have been called a victim, and his book consigns itself, as Fraser's does, to that large literature in which the sufferings of victims are recounted: but he does not see himself as a romantic orphan. = NPE-P
Glasser's vapours are different from Fraser's. = NPE-P
They stink, while Fraser's are mental.  = NPE-P
With the James, we are told who did it; in the Ackroyd, the matted fellow who is the chief suspect is never very securely identified as the author of the crimes — it is almost as if the inspector could have done it: so that Ackroyd's is an authorially uncertain work in which the authorship of its crimes is uncertain too. = NPE-P
A little earlier, a view of Eliot's has been paraphrased: that ‘there is no ‘truth’ to be found’ in the world, ‘only a number of styles and interpretations — one laid upon the other in an endless and apparently meaningless process’. = NPE-P
Byron's is not the only ghost to be detected here: the cold hearts of his precursors Lovelace and Laclos's Valmont are present in Pechorin, who has succeeded in attracting a certain princess. = NPE-P
It is clear enough, none the less, that the hero of that time is like the hero of some other times, including Hamlet's. = NPE-P
A linguistic point was made in the course of the review — that Julian Ormerod's lounge-bar slang is ‘continuous, in a way, with Patrick's cool utterance’ — and the review also made out that Ormerod's overdone good heart is continuous, in a way, with Jenny's. = NPE-P
Philip Roth's contribution to The Facts is (as distinct from Nathan Zuckerman's) significantly milder, in relation to family matters, than what we get in these abrasive comic fictions: but then the fictions can be nice too. = NPE-P
Bellow supported Roth's early work, and Roth's work was to bear a resemblance to Bellow's. = NPE-P
Two of the best plays to read from this period are Tourneur's The Revenger's Tragedy , and Webster's The White Devil . = NPE-P
Two of the best plays to read from this period are Tourneur's The Revenger's Tragedy , and Webster's The White Devil . = NPE-P
Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest is a must and of the large Shavian canon I suggest you read St Joan and The Doctor's Dilemma or Major Barbara to get a clear idea of his style and the kind of demands he makes of actors verbally. = NPE-P
Read Ubu , and you can see the connections with Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot , and Ionesco's The Chairs and The Bald Prima Donna . = NPE-P
And see his shipwrack and his commonweal's. = NPE-P
He followed this with Jack Absolute in The Rivals at the National Theatre and David Mamet's A Life in the Theatre with Freddie Jones at the Open Space. = NPE-P
In any case one person's typecasting isn't always another's. = NPE-P
I believe the ratio of men's jobs to women's is 8 to 1. = NPE-P
Its position on abortion itself was hardly ambiguous: the minutes of the Assembly meeting for 1982 point out ‘[the Assembly's] opposition to abortion on demand for purely social reasons, or as a means of birth control … [and] that in exceptional circumstances, where medical abortion might be necessary, the most stringent safeguards should be provided to prevent abuse’ (Presbyterian Church in Ireland 1930–86, General Assembly (1982), p. 61). = NPE-P
Look at Stravinsky's. = NPE-P
‘He'd just tasted Mrs Venables' cake and was cutting into Mrs Feather's. = NPE-P
Miss Pinkney's was a chocolate layer cake with cherries, angelica leaves, and pink sugar roses on it. = NPE-P
Mrs Doran's was a Victoria sponge with toasted almonds and walnut halves carefully arranged on the top. = NPE-P
Mrs Clancy's was a marble cake frosted white and decorated with chocolate curls and chocolate creams. = NPE-P
Mrs Yardley's was a plain sponge, but had been lacily covered with swirls and dollops and curlicues of golden buttercream icing dotted with candied violets.  = NPE-P
‘Or anyone else's.’  = NPE-P
She gave him a little push and, in a daze, he followed Dorothy and one or two of the others up the stairs to the room that had been and still seemed to be Bunty's. = NPE-P
She's Annabel's. = NPE-P
‘That's why her pastry is better than anyone else's.’ = NPE-P
I think they were that Lord Something's.’  = NPE-P
He became Channel 4's first Commissioning Editor for Sport when the channel opened in November 1982 and went on to become Senior Commissioning Editor with responsibility for a wide range of programmes including documentaries and children's. = NPE-P
While we were all getting ready for work one morning, a few days after the above conversation, one of the other girls (Martha) transferred a fifty-pound note from her handbag to the pocket of her apron, which was at that point still hanging by the door with everyone else's. = NPE-P
Try to keep drinking to a minimum when you are pregnant, for the sake of your own health and your baby's. = NPE-P
‘I feel I'm free-falling, Jay,’ said Lucy, her hand light and warm in Jay's. = NPE-P
Or John and Siobhan's?’ = NPE-P
And then to Dionne's for a late night supper. = NPE-P
Felt her naked legs against Lucy's. = NPE-P
She held a book, reached out to a tall glass of pale gold wine, a twin to Jay's. = NPE-P
The woman's room was bare as Jay's. = NPE-P
This chapter will examine the rules of competition from the competitors' point of view, rather than from the referees'. = NPE-P
James at once poured him wine from a fresh jug and refilled his own glass and Cameron's. = NPE-P
They all took a break then, to eat their oatcakes and drink jugs of beer from Anderson's. = NPE-P
Sandy McGlashan was not yet back from Anderson's. = NPE-P
But while he argues for general connections between the rites, incidentally ignoring the many repudiations of Gnosticism that were made of it by early Christian leaders, his viewpoint is much more balanced than Scobie's.)  = NPE-P
She took his breath away, as she did most men's. = NPE-P
Had she picked up someone else's by mistake? = NPE-P
most injuries were to the head or the chest, so Alan's were unusual. = NPE-P
Mickey Rourke was a possibility because his eyes were similar to Alan's. = NPE-P
Trevor Newsom's face appeared to one side of Derek's. = NPE-P
His lips touched Susan's. = NPE-P
But the voice that replied was Godfrey's. = NPE-P
‘About time,’ the voice was Luke's. = NPE-P
Stephen Stich (1983) presents a case for a syntactic theory of mind which is more radical than Fodor's. = NPE-P
She's glad Jeff's are brown.  = NPE-P
The customs officer checks our passports, notes the absence of a visa in both the Mexicans'. = NPE-P
Edward Aveling's interests in the signs of class were not the same as Eleanor's. = NPE-P
Whereas Adam and Prokofiev's leitmotifs heighten the emotional content of the love theme, Tchaikovsky's are there to create the right atmosphere and to emphasise the conflict.  = NPE-P
Mine is glittering and blue and rather fearful; the pin's is brown and disinterested. = NPE-P
Unless you are spending a long time somewhere I suggest you simply turn up at a crag and scrounge a look at someone else's. = NPE-P
The illustration of double ropes being used to protect a second on a traverse is incorrect; the drawing of a double-fisherman's knot is actually of a single-fisherman's; the section on rigging anchors seems very sketchy with no consideration of using the rope to equally load them, rather than slings; different types of shunt are discussed for self-protection on abseils but there is no mention of the cheap, simple prussik knot as an alternative, or the even more effective French prussik linking the controlling rope to the leg-loop of the harness.  = NPE-P
We didn't like the food, we preferred Mum's. = NPE-P
Danilov, The Voice observed, had probably not even begun to contemplate his murder when Dostoevsky was shaping Raskolnikov's. = NPE-P
So it produces an odd sensation to learn, again from Anna, that this superstition was in fact Dostoevsky's. = NPE-P
Stepan Verkhovensky kits himself up with umbrella, travelling-bag, walking stick, broad-brimmed hat, belted overcoat and top-boots like a hussar's; and — Quixote overlaid for English readers by Pickwick, the White Knight, Mr Toad — he talks the language of ‘high adventure’ and the open road: ‘there's a great idea in the open road too!’  = NPE-P
He lived in 1935 (when I last saw him) in the utmost simplicity, although if he had been a little more conciliatory he could always have earned enough for his comfort — and his wife's; but he never valued anything that money could buy as he valued the integrity of his sharp-shooting mind. = NPE-P
The masterly masculinity of ‘cuff’ may be thought to belong with Dryden's conception of the grand style more than with Virgil's. = NPE-P
Tate, so devoted to Eliot's precedent, appears to have dismissed as amiably perfunctory the respect that Eliot, not quite consistently but repeatedly, accorded to Pound's prose-writings and Pound's literary opinions; and — so it might be argued, though this is not the place for it — Tate's own verse, and the verse of those he influenced, were the worse for having taken note of Eliot's precedent without attending equally to Pound's. = NPE-P
Guide to Kulchur gives us Pound at his most personal, at his most deliberately vulnerable; it is here that we find him wondering aloud, for instance, if the body of his work to that date could be mentioned in the same breath with Thomas Hardy's. = NPE-P
The italics are Eliot's. = NPE-P
But while Burrows' concerns are revealed only tangentially, Smith's are delivered with her usual immediacy. = NPE-P
This exercises all the muscles in the body, and in your neighbours' as well! 6.  = NPE-P
He lost Manoj Prabhakar, carried away by the exuberance of his own and everybody else's strokeplay, but Kapil Dev survives - and he is the only Indian who has made a faster Test hundred than Azharuddin's. = NPE-P
The Safety Director's is a delicate job, requiring diplomacy in dealing with academics and researchers traditionally used to autonomy in their laboratories.  = NPE-P
Given time, it may also be the sporting viewers'. = NPE-P
Bradman's and Lipton's demands on speed, cost and high-floor areas are no less than other developers'. = NPE-P
Typically, the Birmingham man's interest in writing for television coincided with the East Anglia one's. = NPE-P
Nordic composers around the turn of the century were not immune from quasi-medieval minstrelsy, or from routinely voluptuous piano arpeggios like Mendelssohn's. = NPE-P
The results put into perspective the hefty pay rises recently secured by certain notorious chief executives; but they still show boardroom salaries growing faster than middle management's. = NPE-P
And, as Mao's reputation slipped, so too did Chen's. = NPE-P
I suppose it does not matter that this was a policy until lately dear to his heart, and even dearer to his wife's. = NPE-P
It is not a well-drilled rally like the Conservatives'. = NPE-P
Television, both BBC's coverage for 20 years and ITV's for the past five, not only attracted lucrative sponsorships but developed a greater interest among the young.  = NPE-P
More seriously, his understated, meditative style is lost: the impression is that his timing is fine, the audience's is all wrong: ‘I was talking to someone at a party the other night … he happened to mention that he was reading Virginia Woolf's letters.  = NPE-P
Prices in some areas have dropped by between 10 and 20 per cent this year and the number of sales has been half last year's. = NPE-P
Thus, perhaps without realising the implications, the Soviet parliament gave the go-ahead for the most revolutionary experiment here since Lenin's New Economic Policy of the 1920s: for a massive delegation of powers from the centre, permitting a single republic to create its own market-oriented economy, with its own budget, and to redraw economic rules which basically Stalin's. = NPE-P
Tristano's was an improvised music, and part of its quality was that it wasn't as flashy and virtuosic as bebop.  = NPE-P
If Peter Greenaway's camera is anything but a participating human representative, Gilbert's is nothing else, addressed, ogled, and even winked at by the heroine.  = NPE-P
For now they sit like shareholders at the annual general meeting of a company whose profits have fallen on last year's. = NPE-P
The Prime Minister has far more sympathy for Mr Ridley's view than Mr Patten's. = NPE-P
‘We want industry to cut down on its own waste and make better use of other people's. = NPE-P
And it is looking increasingly as if the date will be as much Mr Mandela's own decision as the government's. = NPE-P
It is also premature to assume that the single European market means that rival continental financial centres will deliberately keep regulatory standards below London's. = NPE-P
Sara Calloway, of Women Against Rape, said the 18-year-old victim's character had been put on trial and not the police officer's. = NPE-P
Britain's leading wave-jumping event, in its fourth year, is staged in Tiree because the swells most resemble Hawaii's. = NPE-P
This might be a glitch in the translation, but when Casaubon observes, ‘Life isn't simple, the way it is in detective stories’, the gobsmacking banality can only be the author's. = NPE-P
In addition Gary Nesbitt, who was the non-executive deputy chairman, and Michael Isaacs, who was the development director, have agreed to a non-competition agreement, which last for two years in Mr Nesbitt's case and 18 months in Mr Isaacs'. = NPE-P
There are various manifestos: many of the hunger strikers have put up their own, alongside Angela Kunze's. = NPE-P
Khrushchev's was the first and only involuntary departure of an established Kremlin leader.  = NPE-P
It is claimed this route would cost £1bn less than BR's. = NPE-P
For a moment Mr Healey recalled Mr Powell again, saying his own Italian was better than Enoch's. = NPE-P
He is the only major figure offering an alternative party programme which is not a watered-down version of Mrs Thatcher's. = NPE-P
The voice was Tony's. = NPE-P
(Though Conservative chances were always rated much higher than Labour's.) = NPE-P
Partisanship was the main influence on Thatcher's and Kinnock's scores but not Steel's or Owen's; and even for Thatcher and Kinnock the partisan influence was weaker than on other aspects of their image.  = NPE-P
Thus not long after the start of NEP, in a province as sleepy as Kursk, we find already the seeds of socio-economic decay, from a Marxist point of view (Yakovlev's), leading to possible political difficulties for the centre.  = NPE-P
Northern Ireland's was heavily a public-sector economy; its rate of unemployment, at 21 per cent, was the highest in Britain.  = NPE-P
The reunion is held every two years and although this year's was intended to be the last, organiser John Gray of Plymouth, said: ‘Every time I say I'm not going to do it again, they twist my arm to plan another.’ = NPE-P
This debate caused a reaction in the direction opposite to Frank's. = NPE-P
He said that as a boy at school he had such experiences and wondered whether they were like Michael's. = NPE-P
This is usually recoupable, so the band should realize that they are spending their own money on tour, and not the record company's. = NPE-P
It may flesh-out Burbank's story, and it may strip away some of the glory from the Shakespearian version of Antony's. = NPE-P
He tells it to an Indian friend, and soon ceases to speak the tale in his own language, substituting instead the Indian's. = NPE-P
Tortured between the city and the savage, Eliot's was a nightmare world.  = NPE-P
In 1924, though, Eliot has come to perceive The Golden Bough as a ‘stupendous compendium of human superstition and folly’, seeing in it increasingly less ‘interpretation’, so that it has become ‘a statement of fact’ which is not involved in the maintenance or fall of any theory of Frazer's. = NPE-P
Ranging from London to Melanesia, Eliot's artist's vision is wider than Arnold's. = NPE-P
No matter how corny the characters in the picture postcard parish of Rathcullen, I recognised the fields, I knew the smell of Guinness from drunk men's breath, and my father wore a cap just like Darby O'Gill's. = NPE-P
These are Genet's reconstructions, and perhaps the gulf, the void, are his as well as the soldiers'. = NPE-P
I was still living with my parents at the time and I'd not long passed my driving test — with Bernie's assistance — so I borrowed my old man's Austin Cambridge one Sunday morning and drove over to Nick's. = NPE-P
This new zeal was strange in a way because John wasn't really our idea, but Malcolm's. = NPE-P
We bumped into Strummer on the corner of Old Compton Street and Frith Street, just down the road from Ronnie Scott's. = NPE-P
When, however, internal opposition was determined, as Heseltine's was, the danger materialized. = NPE-P
Aided by her Press Officer, Bernard Ingham, the media more and more present government policies as Mrs Thatcher's. = NPE-P
Tom Jones, whose source was Lothian, also said that the formula was Snowden's. = NPE-P
Keynes's was by no means a lone voice criticizing the extent of government commitments overseas, The (unpublished) Economic Survey for 1946, the Balance of payments Working party, and the Bank of England all expressed grave doubts on this score.  = NPE-P
She had seen that instantly the next afternoon; in Rachel's eyes she recognised the same melting joy as she had seen in Lisa's. = NPE-P
She felt furious on her father's behalf and oddly compassionate on her mother's. = NPE-P
It was a clear diagnosis, the same as Tom's. = NPE-P
‘He said he was going over to O'Neill's for an hour.’ = NPE-P
At the end of the long road Reynolds' was the first house they had to pass and they started to cringe into themselves behind Moran even before they got to the little hedge of privet above the whitewashed stones. = NPE-P
They were so intent on watching every car that they failed to pick up Moran's until it was turning slowly in the gate under the yew tree.  = NPE-P
‘Dialectic’ is a term which he borrows from Hegel but which he uses in a very different sense to Hegel's. = NPE-P
In many ways societies such as the Trobrianders' are obsessed with exchange, but with a form of exchange of a totally different nature to that envisaged by Marx and most economists. = NPE-P
There were commons, some of them bridled, and there were also Brünnich's. = NPE-P
It may not be quite what Siqueiros envisaged, but Gironella's is an authentically Mexican solution. = NPE-P
This is the densest, yet at the same time one of the most persuasive sections of the book, wherein a variety of arguments drawn from the analytic tradition are deployed against Nietzsche's lineage: Quine and Davidson on a theory of meaning both holistic and realist — demonstrating that there are more ways out of atomism and the myths of the given than Saussure's; and an anti-relativist notion of truth as a ‘regulative ideal’ derived from Tarski, Popper and Lakatos. = NPE-P
Albeit less impressionistic and insightful, Kemp's analysis is of broader scope and greater clarity than de Santillana's. = NPE-P
A woman can have Izzat but it is not her own — it is her husband's or father's. = NPE-P
The women I spoke to were almost always subsidiary wage earners; the money they brought in was essential for survival but was not the main wage of the family and their jobs were often far more unpleasant than their husband's. = NPE-P
My story is similar to Annie's in that I made the same mistake and thought of my granddaughter as a substitute child.  = NPE-P
He put one arm around Jack's waist and the other, after a barely discernible pause, around Maurice's. = NPE-P
‘Then it's all mine now, mine and Nora's.’  = NPE-P
The truculent harsh voice was Pertwee's. = NPE-P
He remembered the scene quite vividly, taking the woman into the mortuary and uncovering the faces, Jerome Fanshawe's first and then the girl's. = NPE-P
One was Mrs Fanshawe's. = NPE-P
Her hand was small, but, ringless and with short nails as it was, it was like a man's. = NPE-P
I never brushed it or nothing like I do to Marie's. = NPE-P
She's got a friend with her — a girl with long shiny hair like Marie's. = NPE-P
Its eyes are like glass beads — you know, like a toy's. = NPE-P
Though the weapons and equipment are constantly modernised (the Micks got the new design of helmets two years ago, the new rifles last year, and we are due the new webbing next year), Napoleon's generals would still have recognised the discipline and aggression, as would the Kaiser's, and Hitler's. = NPE-P
The rest of the blood seeped away from Herr Nordern's face, leaving it as white as his wife's. = NPE-P
‘You're going to Fräulein Silber's.’ = NPE-P
Very few people, at nineteen or twenty, have the humility or cynicism to realize that their thoughts on any particular book will coincide with eerie exactitude to everyone else's. = NPE-P
It was ‘perfectly beastly’ as Warnie said in his diary, to see ‘P's grave with its fresh turned earth and a handful of withered daffodils at its head alongside Mamy's. = NPE-P
There are not many better books than Lewis's. = NPE-P
Many hearts were torn out that day, among them the Prince's. = NPE-P
She had walked away from finishing school and she had walked away from Miss Vacani's; and her parents had never sought to interfere with her freedom, or impose restrictions on her.  = NPE-P
Polo is the Prince's game because it was his father's game and also Mountbatten's; and it is the ultimate test. = NPE-P
So was it Diana's. = NPE-P
Their marriage was not like anyone else's. = NPE-P
As a teenager, I longed to have a curtain of hair like Paul McCartney's or John Lennon's. = NPE-P
In the event, whenever I did try to grow it, it ended up looking like Jimi Hendrix's. = NPE-P
The first big challenge was the dynamic dancer's hair, which we all agreed was bit like a Seventies pop star's. = NPE-P
‘The total turnover of our top UK designers, who are so well-publicised,’ he says, ‘doesn't match even Ralph Lauren's. = NPE-P
And now societies still interested in the conversion possibility will be carefully weighing up the reception given to the Guardian scheme compared with Abbey's. = NPE-P
They would just like to keep on playing, they claim, and if they have children they would probably use educational methods similar to their father's. = NPE-P
But Bob's is a world of black and white: muppet and non-muppet.  = NPE-P
Is he worried his end will be the same as Chico's? = NPE-P
The first, featuring the American adolescent altoist, Christopher Hollyday, was uneven — Hollyday's famous virtuosity sounding faintly stiff and cramped by comparison with the local prodigy, Jason Rebello's. = NPE-P
Peter Brook's central achievement in the television version is to seize on the screen's ability to make a seamless connection between two senses of ‘illusion’, the philosopher's and the magician's. = NPE-P
The old revolutionary slogan ‘All power to the Soviets’ is as much Mr Gorbachev's as that of the radical reformers. = NPE-P
Even new towns may have a heart and Basingstoke's is beating warmly.  = NPE-P
Second, the architecture should reflect that America's security — politically, militarily and economically — remains linked to Europe's. = NPE-P
Dave Sexton, the B team manager, said Gascoigne's was ‘the perfect midfield performance’.  = NPE-P
Nintendo's is a pocket version of its Entertainment System currently gracing over 15 million American TV sets, though it is actually incompatible with it. = NPE-P
Other people's nationalism is never easy to fathom, but Panama's is more than usually overlaid with issues of race (white and black) and class (rich and poor).  = NPE-P
Like many advances in scientific knowledge, Fairbanks's is rooted in a simple technique.  = NPE-P
The tunnels, given to us by Victorians and Edwardians, are slim, with no twin-tracking-that's why we can't have an all-night service like New York's; the tracks have to be walked for maintenance and defluffing nightly. = NPE-P
No subway system in the world (save Hong Kong's) makes a profit; in Rome, 82 per cent of public transport operating costs are met by public subsidy, in Paris, 52 per cent. = NPE-P
The late non-appearance of Stroitel Kiev, the Soviet champions, from the men's tournament and BCN Sao Paulo, the holders and Brazilian champions, from the women's has left the line-up looking sicklier than ever.  = NPE-P
But besides the inconvenience to the long-suffering paying customer — and Liverpool's have suffered more than any from TV whim — it begs the question of whether the tail is wagging the dog.  = NPE-P
The Jesus and Mary Chain's perpetual twilight adolescence, cooped in their bedrooms, steeping themselves in pop and producing, years later, pop of their own, veined (like Prince's) with references and allusions.  = NPE-P
My roots and my family's have gone deeply into the fields and woods which the General must have owned in the 18th Century.’  = NPE-P
Little did we know that it would result in one of the most amazing periods of any of our lives — including David's I'm sure. = NPE-P
But even in a bad year like that one, US production was nearly eight times greater than the Soviet Union's. = NPE-P
And so it has gone on, although by the end of the 1980s it was evident that the patience of even a government as dedicated to the eventual triumph of nuclear power as Mrs Thatcher's was showing signs of severe strain. = NPE-P
To all that can be added the fact that Poland's economic crisis and its indebtedness (at $39 billion) is worse than East Germany's. = NPE-P
The proposal by the President of the Commission, Jacques Delors, in Strasbourg on 17 January 1990 that the EC should treat the six East European countries as if they were backward regions of the Community and extend structural support to them brought gasps of disbelief from every government except West Germany's. = NPE-P
Interesting that the offices of Yeo Davis should be very much less at the leading edge of modern design than the solicitors' which they had just seen, McLeish thought, and murmured as much to Catherine Crane, who laughed.  = NPE-P
The first was the news from Cambridge: the samples of blood and hair collected by his long-suffering team were confirmed as a match to the dead girl's. = NPE-P
And his assistant's.’ = NPE-P
The ‘not invented here’ syndrome is as prevalent in US military thinking as it is in Britain's. = NPE-P
All are small, but Hector's is the tiniest, reaching only 1.4 metres (4 feet 6 inches) maximum length, and weighing no more than 40–47 kg (88–103 lb) when fully grown.  = NPE-P
Max Baucus, chairman of the Senate's international trade subcommittee, talks of ending the Uruguay round and protecting national interests with bilateral agreements, farm subsidies and use of section 301 of America's trade act to force other countries to open their markets by threatening to close America's. = NPE-P
Worse, only 65% of Japan's roads are paved, compared with almost all of Britain's and Germany's. = NPE-P
America's populist politicians, who long considered big banking as anathema, now see that even America's largest banks look Lilliputian in comparison with Japan's and Europe's. = NPE-P
At the same time, both the White House and the State Department recognise that Soviet foreign policy will be driven by Soviet national interests, and that these will not always coincide with America's. = NPE-P
But Britain's view of the future of the EC has more in common with France's than Germany's. = NPE-P
But Britain's view of the future of the EC has more in common with France's than Germany's. = NPE-P
Indeed, since 1986 unit labour costs have risen more slowly in France than Germany, and by the end of this year France's rate of consumer-price inflation could be lower than Germany's. = NPE-P
Exports to Germany are equivalent to 15% of Holland's GDP, 12% of Belgium's and 11% of Austria's, compared with only 4% of France's and 3% of Italy's and Britain's. = NPE-P
While commercial-property markets in America, Britain and Japan are in the doldrums, Germany's is still booming. = NPE-P
Even without that decision, there are already signs that the new Berlin market will resemble London's. = NPE-P
IT HAS become clear these past few years that London's investment houses are rather worse at managing their own affairs than their clients'. = NPE-P
Marshal Akhromeev admitted that his views differed from Mr Gorbachev's. = NPE-P
Both firms have low headquarters costs — last year BTR's were less than .5% of net profits. = NPE-P
Forecasting doom is a habit of Mrs Prophet's. = NPE-P
In all of Asia only India had more cases — and India's population is 15 times Thailand's. = NPE-P
Other countries' budgets are less frivolous than America's, but the process is stretched out and therefore less exciting than Britain's. = NPE-P
Britain's is content to debate it all after the decisions have been made, and then pass the lot virtually unamended. = NPE-P
The standards it sets on promotion are lower even than Britain's. = NPE-P
By contrast, forecasts TRC, a British consultant, East European spending on equipment (including Russia's) could double to $30 billion by 2000, not far behind that of America's.  = NPE-P
By contrast, forecasts TRC, a British consultant, East European spending on equipment (including Russia's) could double to $30 billion by 2000, not far behind that of America's. = NPE-P
FOR the first time since April 1987 America's stockmarket is again bigger than Japan's. = NPE-P
If sociobiologists have tended sometimes to describe higher societies (such as man's) too much as if they were simpler ones, some entomologists have been guilty of the reverse.  = NPE-P
Yet an unsuccessful war in the Gulf might have left Mr Solarz vulnerable to the charge that he had put Israel's interests above America's. = NPE-P
The estimated cost of the project, which includes a port and transport links as well as the airport proper, took everyone's breath away, not just China's. = NPE-P
But with defence spending already falling away (this year's defence budget is 7–8% in real terms below last year's), the chance looks bleak. = NPE-P
Many of them are losing their jobs, but they cannot move to Serbia because its economy is in even worse shape than Croatia's. = NPE-P
This has not undermined Hong Kong's competitiveness, however, because Hong Kong's overall labour productivity is still rising faster than America's. = NPE-P
For instance, other EMS currencies account for 72% of the French franc's trade-weighted basket, and the dollar accounts for 44% of the yen's. = NPE-P
Mr Saegusa calls the finished piece ‘an ode to Mozart from the Orient,’ explaining that the new music is his own, rather than a supplement to Mozart's. = NPE-P
The Americans refused to confirm publicly that the embassy was Iraq's. = NPE-P
Several French bankers stormed out of one meeting, grumbling that Britain's legal standards had sunk to the level of Venezuela's. = NPE-P
And banks say that John Major's Treasury and local-government ministers have given them a more sympathetic hearing than Margaret Thatcher's. = NPE-P
It may be that the gap between Mr Yeltsin's policies and Mr Gorbachev's is too great. = NPE-P
As Mr Khalil points out, the arch is both a literal image of Mr Hussein (those are his arms and no one else's), and a giant reflection of how he sees himself.  = NPE-P
Since these could not be tasted while Iraq's oil revenues were low, Mr Hussein sought to raise his revenues by stealing Kuwait's. = NPE-P
An English-speaking population half the size of Cuba's is scattered over 2,000 miles, from the Bahamas in the Atlantic to Guyana on the American mainland — more still, if you go by way of Belize — complete with more than a dozen governors-general, parliaments, prime ministers, judiciaries and bureaucracies. = NPE-P
Britain's tax burden could be 15% lower as a share of GDP than the rest of the EC's. = NPE-P
If industry is anyone's slave, it is these people's. = NPE-P
Britons complain about it all the time: nominal interest rates at 15–20%, depending on the borrower, make most managers believe that their capital costs more than anybody's. = NPE-P
Their Soviet-made weapons do not fit with the West's. = NPE-P
Well-laid plans are all very well, but things beyond the control of economists or politicians can make one country's reform happen faster than another's. = NPE-P
The European Council began to meet in 1974, at the prompting of France, which wanted the EC to have a guiding authority similar to the French presidency's. = NPE-P
With $1.5 billion of coffee exports last year, Colombia's share overtook Brazil's for the first time.  = NPE-P
But she did not know our ways and her complaints or corrections were harsh by comparison with my mother's. = NPE-P
None of Edward's have survived, but to judge from the cross-references in the forty-five extant replies from Helen — which Edward preserved carefully and in order for the rest of his life — he wrote about sixty between 15 May and 27 July 1896. = NPE-P
Just yours and mine, no one else's . = NPE-P
I saw eyes as unkindly as stuffed fox's. = NPE-P
They always had to be constrained in public, Sundays or not; and if anything they were less so on Sunday, when sometimes their clothes were pretty, and at least were seldom black, navy blue or grey as the men's were invariably … .  = NPE-P
A hair was stuck to it, a red one, the boy's. = NPE-P
‘They're my Dad's. = NPE-P
Even now as he stood there by the kitchen table he could see Caspar closing in on the weaker lamb, and he could hear that weird and terrible wailing of Lee's. = NPE-P
They were passing Mrs Wright's. = NPE-P
Looking at it he saw that it was Mrs Wright's. = NPE-P
It was hers, Mrs Wright's. = NPE-P
‘It's hers, Mrs Wright's.’ = NPE-P
He was shivering, and his teeth were chattering like Philip's did when his Dad had kept him in the swimming bath too long. = NPE-P
The SDLP-sister-party line is a particular favourite of Kevin McNamara's. = NPE-P
‘My responsibilities are European, so are Mark's. = NPE-P
He closed the door behind him and walked slowly down the corridor until he reached the top of the marble staircase, passing his own office and Pat Muldoon's without wishing to take a last look. = NPE-P
(He had always had difficulty remembering exactly when her birthday or any other girl's was.) = NPE-P
 If Anthony was somebody else's he could at least have the decency to shut up about it like his mother had. = NPE-P
The third level of fantasy also involved a funeral — his wife's. = NPE-P
 He found it and rang it, giving exactly the same sort of excuse as Eleanor's. = NPE-P
Then there were free samples of pile ointment, Bob Martin's for constipated dogs (she was a bitch, he reasoned) and contraceptives. = NPE-P
 The man's lips were narrow and pale where the boy's were full — almost swollen. = NPE-P
 Nor his father's. = NPE-P
 A woman's. = NPE-P
 ‘If not,’ murmured Doyle, ‘you will know that Harriet Shakespeare has chosen to save those important lives — instead of saving her son's. = NPE-P
 Gloria said he only went along with her because of the housing shortages, because he knew he was lucky to have a room at all, even if it was only half a room at Mrs Parvis's. = NPE-P
 Dot wanted to be back in their room at Mrs Parvis's. = NPE-P
 ‘Back at Mrs Parvis's.’ = NPE-P
 ‘Lovely fresh butter from the herd down at Mrs Elphinstone's. = NPE-P
 People didn't even know most other people's names let alone their dogs'. = NPE-P
 The lamb had a nice expression rather like a kitten's. = NPE-P
 There was nothing like this back at Mrs Parvis's. = NPE-P
 Back at Mrs Parvis's was an indoor world. = NPE-P
 Dot remembered how the bowl of each spoon at Mrs Parvis's was stained a streaky brown, and bent crooked at the shaft, with NAAFI stamped on the handle. = NPE-P
 They sported knives like Jordi's. = NPE-P
 I feel my heart beat like a boy's [AC6 936] On Christmas morning, in a house of toys. = NPE-P
There were bitter memories of broken love for Alan, a good-looking Londoner I had fallen for while I was still at Madame Sheba's. = NPE-P
 His blond stubble was silky and made his mouth as exciting as an adolescent boy's. = NPE-P
 Such a loving heart as Richie's is rarely found. = NPE-P
 I might go round to Bella's. = NPE-P
 Fleming's didn't. = NPE-P
And when he died of drink in 1957 it was to a strangely quiet Press, considering that only just before his fall he was supposed to have the support of fifty per cent of his countrymen, according to the polls, and a power almost greater than the President's. = NPE-P
The paradox continues that each side's military-industrial complex guarantees the prosperity of the other side's. = NPE-P
He felt bold enough to ask her: ‘What made you run out of Mr Zamoyski's?’ = NPE-P
It's obviously old, just like Vic's. = NPE-P
 They were all bitterly jealous of Sweetheart because she was so clean, with beautiful hands, long painted nails and a face like a film-star's. = NPE-P
 Taking cuttings and collecting seeds will ensure that next year's garden is even more colourful than this year's [ACX 325] Note any gaps in the flower borders that can be filled with other plants next year. = NPE-P
He wondered, briefly, whether it would be repulsive making love to an intersex, even one whose enhancements were as familiar to him as Zambia's. = NPE-P
 Tammuz put his hand over Roirbak's. = NPE-P
 He put a hand on her shoulder, and then one on Nathan's. = NPE-P
 ‘Of all the voices of the Establishment,’ wrote Henry Fairlie in 1959, ‘the British Broadcasting Corporation's is the most powerful.’ = NPE-P
 The sacrament was Christ's, not the minister's. = NPE-P
 The kind of society which came into being in Europe was a more homogeneous Christian society, less differentiated than Augustine's. = NPE-P
 It is always salutary to question whether edicts are obeyed, and it is true that many of Charlemagne's do not emphasize sanctions but assume a sense of shared moral responsibility throughout society. = NPE-P
 When I put the mop on my head, I didn't want dreadlocks, I wanted blonde hair like Sindy's. = NPE-P
 Al-Shiraa's was a small piece, about the clandestine visit by McFarlane to Tehran in May. = NPE-P
 The whole operation was for Reagan's sake, as well as the hostages'; it was a present for him, preferably one to be delivered by Christmas, or by the State of the Union address in January, or by the elections in November. = NPE-P
 But looked at in its full historical perspective, Karajan's career from 1929 to 1949 was as subject to trauma, disruption, and the vagaries of the times as the next man's. = NPE-P
In this, Salzburg is no different from Bayreuth or Glyndebourne or the fledgling Rossini Festival in Pesaro, where first-night tickets comfortably outstrip Salzburg's. = NPE-P
 She was lolling in bed, her mouth wet and slack like a gormless child's. = NPE-P
 And Simon made his mouth hang open, like Marie's did when she was con fused. = NPE-P
 = NPE-P
 ‘We can't get into much trouble at Mona's.’ = NPE-P
 Clarissa, Charles and I ran into Colonel Bumford — Oh Bumford, I see the connection — the other evening at Mona's.’ = NPE-P
 Charles unbuckled his ski straps and stuck skis and sticks in the snow beside Peregrine's. = NPE-P
 No space is devoted here to anybody's feelings, not to Isaac's, nor the servants'. = NPE-P
 Complete love, such as God's is, demands all. = NPE-P
Now Esau's birthright is truly Jacob's. = NPE-P
Are we not presented in the stories of Christ's passion and crucifixion with a picture of God at men's (and it is men's , not women's) mercy? = NPE-P
If the God of 1 Samuel 4 refuses to play Israel's game, in chapter 5 he refuses to play Philistia's. = NPE-P
The practical problems are that there may be no evidence of violence on the woman's body, which usually means that the case will be a question of the victim's word against the defendant's; this may lead the police to be sceptical of the woman's complaint, or may incline the prosecutor to accept a plea of guilty to the lesser charge of indecent assault. = NPE-P
 I've got enough troubles of my own without watching other people's. = NPE-P
I was almost too tired to eat in the old, flagged kitchen hung with gleaming copper pans and jelly moulds, but the macaroni cheese was as good as Aunt Bedelia's. = NPE-P
 I'm fed up, I don't make much dirt so why have I got to spend my life cleaning up other people's? = NPE-P
Madonna's career is not dissimilar to Cher's. = NPE-P
The Dutch market, which like Denmark's is export driven, only more so, and is heavily reliant on bacon exports to the UK, began a rise at the end of June, but last week prices dropped 7% and the fall looks like continuing. = NPE-P
Combines are just beginning to move in the midlands, with harvest start dates well adrift of last year's. = NPE-P
 There's a useful 159lb ft torque at 2100rpm just after the turbo comes on stream, and the lighter three-door has all the power it reasonably needs, even though it is not as smoothly delivered as the Shogun's. = NPE-P
 On top of a worker's take-home pay, we are charged 53% of it in social security payments — that is 15% employee's contribution and 38% employer's. = NPE-P
 Or are they gleaming and pristine like a cabinet minister's? = NPE-P
 The United States population increased by twenty-eight million in ten years, at a rate even faster than India's. = NPE-P
 The established, and now publicized, fact that women's sexual capacity increases with age, at least until the late twenties, and stays at this peak for decades, while men's is already declining, came as a shock both to men, who suddenly discovered they were the unlucky sex, and to women who had not realized what they had been missing. = NPE-P
 Jayne Mansfield's were insured for a million dollars.  = NPE-P
 I also loved The Flintstones , I wanted to have a car like Fred Flintstone's with my feet poking out of the bottom,’ said Kylie. = NPE-P
 ‘Violet reads poetry,’ she offered by way of explanation, ‘especially Mrs Browning's. = NPE-P
 This birth was so quick and easy, Wilson could not think it the same process as Oreste's. = NPE-P
 Ferdinando's were the stronger. = NPE-P
 She no longer wrote to Ferdinando nor to anyone else except Ellen and these were dutiful enquiries after Oreste's health with reports of her own and Pilade's. = NPE-P
 For this reason there were no candidates' addresses, no attempts to persuade the voters that one candidate's policies were better than another's. = NPE-P
 One anthropologist who studied an even more elaborately created system of autonomy than the Zuwaya's has been criticized for ignoring routine and frequent contact between autonomous leaders and state governments: so it is academically important to probe into the actual relations of Zuwaya and Magharba with the Turkish authorities. = NPE-P
 Between father and son, also, some things specifically belonged to one or the other: a child's bicycle was his, not his father's. = NPE-P
 ‘No one,’ Perkin said, his voice an echo of Tremayne's. = NPE-P
‘Yes, except that while I was pulling Harry along to that far corner to give him better support, someone opened the main door above our heads, like I told you, and then went away without saying anything, and I heard a car drive off, which might have been Harry's.’ = NPE-P
 I shall be the first writer at an Inaugural since Frost at John Kennedy's. = NPE-P
 Rushed along through the dark, their faces soon settled to the same blank, tranced appearance as everyone else's. = NPE-P
She received warm applause, and during the interval respectable queues formed before her table of books, as before N'dosi's. = NPE-P
 I admired their good humour, especially Surkov's. = NPE-P
 If, therefore, minorities created insecurity, in Scotland it was not the crown but the nobility who suffered, making hay, no doubt, while the sun shone, but knowing that in the end the sileage would be the king's. = NPE-P
 Elizabeth's upbringing was certainly at the other end of the spectrum from Mary's. = NPE-P
 Spurgeon's was the greatest single influence in ensuring that the Greeks were never totally defeated. = NPE-P
 He also said, to the delight of those Nonconformists who read his memoirs, that Watson's tour was far more successful than Matthew Arnold's. = NPE-P
 Thomas of Milton, warden of Inglewood Forest from 1222 until 1265, had the right to hunt ‘hare, fox, wild cat, wolf, badger, otter, marten, squirrel and all woodland beasts save hart and hind, fallow buck and his doe, wild boar and sow, which are the king's. = NPE-P
 Marie Grubbe's was a story of love. = NPE-P
 Even Joy Prentice had her arm linked through Caroline's though they were almost too tired to walk. = NPE-P
‘You got nobody's interests at heart but Jackie Tiptoe's. = NPE-P
Todger's mind was made up if nobody else's was. = NPE-P
 His wife smiles at him adoringly, her mouth as red as Snow White's. = NPE-P
