The most sensorily significant of the two springs is the one which emerges from the northern hillside. -- NPE-C
According to the Soviet news agency Tass the two discuss "the problem of promoting mutual exchanges of views on the Palestinian issue" . -- NPE-C
Snobbery had fought with economy, and the two had reached a very silly compromise.  -- NPE-C
The five were previously imprisoned from June until October 1990 for allegedly organizing a political party — all parties are prohibited. -- NPE-C
The three are also believed to be implicated in other cases of serious violations against street children.  -- NPE-C
It may be that neither statement need be held to subtract from the other, but there could well be some dispute as to which of the two is the more deeply entrenched in the novel. -- NPE-C
‘And the two don't always coincide’, Fraser replies: ‘That's my split vision.  -- NPE-C
Peter Ackroyd is all of the formidable pasticheur that he is praised for being, and Dyer's tale, which affects to be that of someone who lived in the eighteenth century, and in which the element of imitation, present in writing of every kind, is more obtrusive than it is in the other tale, is the livelier of the two. -- NPE-C
The Facts is the more filial book of the two. -- NPE-C
A fuller account of these two groups of dominant beliefs benefits from some comparison between the two. -- NPE-C
The two on the left are metered pumps serving exact half-pints, the ones on the right are free flow pumps  -- NPE-C
This can be done by purchase unit, standard unit or a combination of the two. -- NPE-C
The two will develop and market pen and display-(PAD) based solutions to users in a wide range of commercial markets, including retailing and merchandising.  -- NPE-C
All we have to do is combine the two. -- NPE-C
To find which of the five is the most fragrant, we'll be holding a studio sniff-in on Morning Edition at 8.45am on Saturday August 31.  -- NPE-C
But there is little to choose between the two in terms of overall performance.  -- NPE-C
That is the basic difference between the hook and the sweep though, as I said, the two do blur into one. -- NPE-C
Look how readily the thousand had turned out to besiege the laird at Castle Menzies! -- NPE-C
The two shook hands and Cameron introduced Menzies.  -- NPE-C
When he is shown a pair of faces and has to decide which of the two is a celebrity, he performs at chance level, even though he performs almost as well as normal subjects on this task when the faces are replaced by their names. -- NPE-C
Which of the two? -- NPE-C
What they want in future is 32 seeds in all the Grand Slam tournaments instead of the 16 they have at present.  -- NPE-C
Well now: this decision that all children must learn two languages, forgetting the thousands in many English cities who already have a home language, with a literature of its own.  -- NPE-C
there are nearly 5,000 reported cases of AIDS, of which nearly 3,000 have already died.  -- NPE-C
At group level, the days have gone when three prisoners per group (one from the West, the East and a non-aligned country) were obligatory.  -- NPE-C
AN UPDATE ON SOME OF THE 92 PRISONERS OF CONSCIENCE FEATURED IN THE LETTER WRITING CAMPAIGN IN 1989 AND 1990 — 39 ARE NOW FREE!  -- NPE-C
39 of the prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign have been released; about 50 remain in prison.  -- NPE-C
Mohamed Abbad remains in prison with 17 of the original 31. -- NPE-C
Some states even go to the trouble of having two switches, one a ‘dummy’, so that everyone can say, ‘it wasn't me who actually killed him’.  -- NPE-C
By the end of 1961 there were 11 groups, nine in the UK, one in Norway and one in Australia.  -- NPE-C
These early groups were called ‘Threes Groups’ because each adopted three prisoners, one from the East, one from the West and one from Afro-Asian countries. -- NPE-C
In many cases a group would divide into sub-groups and work on more than three at a time. -- NPE-C
At one point Manchester University group was working on 39! -- NPE-C
On 28 May 1986, Amnesty's 25th Anniversary, St Clement Danes Church in the Strand, London, rang 5,000 chimes, roughly one for every POC case Amnesty had worked on during the year.  -- NPE-C
The 25th Anniversary campaign had dramatic results: individual membership increased from 25,000 at the end of 1985 to 35,000 at the end of 1986: a full 30 per cent increase in one year.  -- NPE-C
Today catalogues raisonnés are often divided into two; one volume is for an introduction and plates, while the other has the detailed catalogue.  -- NPE-C
And that got me into the last three so I had to do it all again at the Barbican which I think was to see if I could fill that theatre with enough presence and vocal range.  -- NPE-C
In my own case, he wrote, and I can speak only for myself, in my own case and in my own life there have been very few genuine beginnings, only three or perhaps four. -- NPE-C
For glass no longer surface of infinite slimness but shadow of fourth dimension, seen by us as three, reproduced as two. -- NPE-C
That I grow bored after an hour or two. -- NPE-C
And McGrindle, very matter of fact though drunk as usual: I have sixteen children, seven by my first marriage, four by my second, my second wife had two of her own, that makes thirteen, and three from my third, sixteen, and I am proud to say I have been able to give them all a good education and every chance in life without ever compromising my integrity.  -- NPE-C
Painting nearly always fifty years or even a hundred behind the times. -- NPE-C
Man going berserk in Surrey commuter town, gunning down thirty. -- NPE-C
And the six (or eight) who carry out his instructions.  -- NPE-C
A beer cask can come in several sizes: a pin (4.5 gallons), a firkin (9), a kilderkin (18), a barrel (36) and a hogshead (54).  -- NPE-C
Membership grew at an astonishing pace, reaching close to 30,000 in the late 1970s.  -- NPE-C
Even then, we would trail behind other European Community members, such as Germany, France and Italy, each with 11 public holidays a year, Spain and Portugal with 13 each, and Denmark with 10. -- NPE-C
IGS, for example, quotes £60 per person per day, with a minimum of four to a group.  -- NPE-C
This can be done by purchase unit, standard unit or a combination of the two. -- NPE-C
There is the obvious price dodge of skimping on the thickness of silver, measured by cutlers in microns — which can be anything from one to 50. -- NPE-C
During his stay he cooked a five-course gala dinner for 150 at the Mansion on Turtle Creek with executive chef Dean Fearing.  -- NPE-C
They may contain any of the basic seed varieties or a combination of all three. -- NPE-C
One woman was handier with a knife, another was better organised, two had marvellous raw materials, another was feeling the pressure of competing.  -- NPE-C
Alan Davidson's previous books include two on fish — North Atlantic Seafood and Mediterranean Seafood — which are classics of their kind.  -- NPE-C
There were six of them, five with small slices taken out and the sixth with the knife still in it.  -- NPE-C
Marion, a ripely handsome woman in her mid-thirties, who had played a season at Stratford-on-Avon and toured as Mrs Tanqueray, was extremely displeased at having to share Jessie, let alone a dressing-room, and particularly with a chit like Bunty; but the Regent was small and naturally the two Star dressing-rooms, 1 and 2, went to Salt and Pepper, that perennial and professionally married pair of comedy-thriller performers whose productions never ran for less than a year — a godsend in a profession where rehearse for three weeks, open and close in two was not unusual.  -- NPE-C
I'd like to see Father go a round or two with one of them.  -- NPE-C
Out of a desire to protest against the ‘oppression and exploitation’ he saw around him, he began to write short stories, by the time of his death over a hundred had been published.  -- NPE-C
Then we were wrestling and the other three rushed to separate us.  -- NPE-C
Another two moved on shortly afterwards and it was then that the intimidation began. -- NPE-C
‘Just the two. -- NPE-C
All we have to do is combine the two. -- NPE-C
None had read the book or knew its detail, although one or two knew he had written something.  -- NPE-C
Next door but one came in for ‘concupiscence’ and ‘whoremonger’.  -- NPE-C
‘Thirty thousand in round figures.  -- NPE-C
It was a long time since she had last seen Michael: it was seven months, two weeks and three days, four if she counted today. -- NPE-C
Maybe as many as ten. -- NPE-C
There were either five smears or six. -- NPE-C
Well, now I want to introduce another of Fodor's theses which, for my money, is as correct as the other two are false.  -- NPE-C
He advocates marking the stretchers off one at a time instead of squaring cross all four at once. -- NPE-C
Why not cut all four at one go?  -- NPE-C
It is a measure of the current popularity of marquetry that there were 404 entries to the competitions, of which 93 came from the Harrow chapter -- NPE-C
These are the practical considerations of the nature and limitations of wood as a material, on the one hand, and the visual effect one is trying to achieve on the other: the two are sometimes difficult to satisfy simultaneously.  -- NPE-C
Straight gouges are numbered 3 to 11, a 3 sweep is a very shallow curve, an 11 has a very deep flute.  -- NPE-C
Calculations were taken from the original bear to produce drawings, reducing it from three to two dimensions. -- NPE-C
Smaller sets of seven and 10 are also available.  -- NPE-C
The chisels are sold in standard black finish, or all-bright, in sets of seven, 10 and 17. -- NPE-C
The two halves are screwed together with brass screws, three on each side, two on the outer legs and one on the inner legs.  -- NPE-C
Your allocation of leaflets is 250 , and of Icebreaker posters is 20 . -- NPE-C
The year started with five regions, and ended with six. -- NPE-C
The prototype series of ten appeared from BREL Crewe Works with a collection of teething troubles, but were in regular passenger traffic to Leeds by the end of the year.  -- NPE-C
The last two were the social railway, requiring continuing support in grant-aid for the provision of socially essential services in the capital, in the great conurbations, and in rural areas. -- NPE-C
This famous line's deliberate run-down, closure proposals (three in total), the unbelievable fight by the public, culminating in 35,000 objectors during the five-year fight, was an object lesson to BR and the government.  -- NPE-C
In the most recent interim text, published last February, the Basic Law Drafting Committee — appointed by Peking but including a minority of Hong Kong members — relegated the problem to an appendix which outlined a scheme to raise the number of directly-elected seats in the Legislative Council, Hong Kong's rubber-stamp parliament, from 15 out of 55 in 1997 to 40 out of 80 two terms (six years) later.  -- NPE-C
Thousands queued to sign an unofficial book of condolence at the Xinhua News Agency.  -- NPE-C
Although it harboured the worst sort of poverty, inequality and exploitation during the 1930s and 1940s, not least because its bright lights attracted millions from the surrounding countryside, it seethed with exuberant life and economic activity.  -- NPE-C
In its wake, tens of thousands are slipping off, quietly once more, to sanctuaries abroad.  -- NPE-C
The three abortion cases, which may be reached in December, are unlikely to lead to a clean reversal of Roe v Wade, the 1973 Supreme Court ruling which granted an absolute right to abortion in the first three months of pregnancy and an almost unrestricted right in the next three. -- NPE-C
Three are prostitutes introduced to the drug by pimps.  -- NPE-C
Two turned out to be genuine while two, according to the Cypriots, were fakes.  -- NPE-C
The man said his group held 64 documents relating to IRA suspects in the Irish Republic and claimed the group had members in every police sub-division, of which the RUC has 38. -- NPE-C
She said: ‘Seven of the eight have competed for Great Britain and we certainly would not have submitted any we thought would go just for the trip.’  -- NPE-C
Davies, who has not renewed his contract as ITV's sports presenter, is one of 17 whose names appeared on ITV Sport's credits who have jumped ship this year alone.  -- NPE-C
ITV, the ‘athletics channel’, covered two. -- NPE-C
Plants can be bought in tens of thousands for 50 cents each in Bangkok, and sold for $10-$15 in the West.  -- NPE-C
The businesses include two in waste disposal — essentially landfill operations — two in quarrying, two in the manufacture of scientific instruments plus a chain of builders' merchants and a maker of specialised grouts. -- NPE-C
Only 10,000 of the necessary terminals are so far installed in shops, though the target is 20,000 by the New Year and 100,000 by the end of next year.  -- NPE-C
Barclays has 12,000 terminals installed in stores and another 30,000 on the way.  -- NPE-C
The big four may well have learnt so much about how to negotiate with the US regulatory and financial authorities to justify the cost of this investment. -- NPE-C
About 70 per cent of personal computers worldwide incorporate parts made by Intel, which employs 20,000. -- NPE-C
