 This first cell is now empty, and a second, and a third. = NPE-O
 Of the stories I have in mind, Othello and Desdemona, Samson and Delilah, Dido and Aeneas, only the third is spoken of, and it is spoken of oracularly. = NPE-O
 An autocrat falls in the first two books; but the only one in the third is the author-autocrat of the hotel room who sallies into the bush, as if on impulse, to visit the mysterious, moveable ‘front’. = NPE-O
 And to think, he wrote, that with all my previous work I barely knew what step to take first, let alone what step to take second, let us not talk about the third. = NPE-O
 Though it has to be said, he wrote, and Goldberg, his eye racing down the page covered in his friend's tiny handwriting, paused to sip from the glass of fresh orange-juice at his side, wiped his forehead and went on typing, it has to be said that I have occasionally had the illusion that I knew what step to take first and even, occasionally, what step to take second, I will not talk about a third. = NPE-O
 There is of course no logical reason why things should be different this time, wrote Harsnet, why this too should not be an illusion, the illusion of imagining that I know not only what step to take first but also what step to take second and even what step to take third. = NPE-O
 There were six of them, five with small slices taken out and the sixth with the knife still in it. = NPE-O
 One man had a rucksack, another a white cotton hat, a third an unbuttoned shirt, a fourth, sandshoes. = NPE-O
 The third was big and light, contained a cupboard, a chest of drawers and twin beds which Sara did not try. = NPE-O
 When the French began he was ninth in the world. = NPE-O
 There are 3 heads to the triceps; 2 of them have their origins on the humerus and the third originates on the shoulder blade. = NPE-O
 These both include many steps with the so-called ‘dotted’ rhythm i.e. in 3/4 the dancer steps on the first beat, holds on the second and briefly takes weight on the other foot on the third before stepping onwards. = NPE-O
 One command-line switch will make use of a maximum of 512K of expanded memory, either EMS 3.2 or 4.0; another will put overlays into extended memory; a third disables the ‘degree of freedom’ facility for errors in curve fitting, and a fourth can be used to disable a mouse even if one if fitted and nominally active. = NPE-O
 One command-line switch will make use of a maximum of 512K of expanded memory, either EMS 3.2 or 4.0; another will put overlays into extended memory; a third disables the ‘degree of freedom’ facility for errors in curve fitting, and a fourth can be used to disable a mouse even if one if fitted and nominally active. = NPE-O
 It is perfectly true that there is nothing conclusively in the poem to make us identify the first stair with Dante's Inferno , the second with his Purgatorio , the third with Paradiso ; as there is not (a more piercing uncertainty) anything to determine for us whether ‘the broadbacked figure drest in blue and green’, with his ‘music of the flute’, is an image of what must be renounced in order to achieve Paradise, or else an image of how terrestrial life can most nearly attain the paradisal. = NPE-O
 Israeli troops killed four Palestinians yesterday and a fifth was beaten to death by fellow Arabs for alleged collaboration with Israel, Reuter reports. = NPE-O
 Two tries, the first in under two minutes by Simon Holmes and the fourth by the hooker John Ashworth, were from alert attention to the ball at their own throw-in near their own line. = NPE-O
 Sheffield Eagles' fortunes are soaring in the top flight; the 28-16 win at Wakefield was their third in four matches. = NPE-O
‘We are now in our second recruitment round, and if that doesn't succeed we will go on to a third.’ = NPE-O
 Atkinson, matching his attacking partner goal for goal, belted in the fourth from 20 yards, and the only question remaining after the most one-sided of first halves was which of them would be first to his hat trick. = NPE-O
Sir Jeffrey, who has acted as unpaid and part-time special adviser to six trade and industry secretaries, yesterday added a seventh to his belt.  = NPE-O
A fourth was to sell the shares to the work-force, as happened with the National Freight Corporation. = NPE-O
To cut the dole was, in Seely's view, essential, but ‘this tangle cannot be unravelled by any one party, or even any two, because if opposed by the third they would lose the Election and the evil would continue.’ = NPE-O
The third is that the new right and Conservatism are one and the same. = NPE-O
The first two tasks, though hideously difficult, were at least relatively straightforward; the third posed the problem which is at the heart of Peter Dennis's book: whose law was to be restored and what civilian authority should take over? = NPE-O
A third was entirely concerned with management development and career planning and the fourth acted as a one-man think-tank, whose task was to advise on how ICI's personnel policies should evolve in future. = NPE-O
A third was entirely concerned with management development and career planning and the fourth acted as a one-man think-tank, whose task was to advise on how ICI's personnel policies should evolve in future. = NPE-O
The second component was to create educational and health services as rapidly as possible for as many people as possible, and the third was to achieve some fairer distribution of income between expatriate companies and individuals, and the local indigenous population.  = NPE-O
Although the new Broadcasting Bill stipulates that these stations will provide a varied diet of programmes, the best bet is that one will feature primarily classical music, the second will have a pop/rock music base, while the third is likely to be an American-style ‘talk’ station. = NPE-O
In fact patriarchy, class, and hierarchy all presupposed a law of gender difference which was at once divinely, naturally, and socially laid down, the law descending from the first through the second to the third. = NPE-O
A third was Crème De La Crème.  = NPE-O
But the record since 1945 suggests that it is highly improbable that the British people will play anything like the major role in the affairs of mankind in the twenty-first century that they have done so frequently, if often unavailingly, in the course of the twentieth. = NPE-O
By the end of the year, the Association had two Lodges with residents in occupation, and a third in the final stages of conversion. = NPE-O
Wings Organiser Bill Osgothorp arranged a 25-mile bike ride, two of the bikes being ‘penny-farthings’ and a third being a 1906 BSA. = NPE-O
And the third was as a confessor, because he knew that many souls valued him in this work.  = NPE-O
A sixth selects orange juice and Perrier.  = NPE-O
Three people died and a fourth was critically injured in a two car crash in Oxfordshire last night.  = NPE-O
And another individual goal; in the sixty fifth minute, he also made an opening for erm Jason Allen erm and Mark Hurtling to score the fifth and Mark Hurtling came along with the sixth. = NPE-O
To add insult to injury, Taylor scored a third for Cambridge twelve minutes from time and then seconds from the final whistle Dublin scored a fourth for Cambridge United. = NPE-O
To add insult to injury, Taylor scored a third for Cambridge twelve minutes from time and then seconds from the final whistle Dublin scored a fourth for Cambridge United.  = NPE-O
It's our fifth in ten years [unclear] .  = NPE-O
Now I'm looking on to it thinking, you know, [unclear] but they're so, do you think, the upper sixth aren't like that at all though are they?  = NPE-O
you are the reason why I left the school, you know, none of the girls are happy by their upper sixth, in the lower sixth you might think it's alright but by the time [unclear] = NPE-O
Yeah but in the lower sixth the fucking rules [unclear] = NPE-O
But I'm gonna have to there are only two girls in the lower sixth. = NPE-O
And there was one more upper sixth I think. = NPE-O
All of the upper sixth have got them. = NPE-O
And I've got, I've got my colours for netball and Roxy has and Katrina [gap:name] from [pause] the lower sixth are getting theirs in February. = NPE-O
The third? = NPE-O
In the tenth she was beginning to receive visitors of standing, and a golden crown and jewels were added to her coat. = NPE-O
But there can be little doubt that he had two causes in mind, and great probability that he had also a third. = NPE-O
He unloosed the third and fourth and was struggling with the reins of the fifth when he heard voices on the path. = NPE-O
Two had lost a stirrup and the saddle of a third had slipped under its belly. = NPE-O
By the third we should have them surrounded.’ = NPE-O
Several were in groups of four, three standing slabs of stone over which a fourth lay as a roof, others lay tumbled in meaningless heaps, but still others seemed to be set in distinguishable lines and circles. = NPE-O
I caught him watching me in the third. = NPE-O
In the 1890s the Central Station was constructed, and in 1905 two more branch lines extended among the factories and workshops of the Lower City, and a third snaked its way out over a drawbridge and a railway ferry to the island of Ostrów. = NPE-O
Now the old-fashioned, strong hessian is wonderful for keeping you warm and dry and John always sported three sacks — one round his waist, another over his shoulders, and the third with the corner pushed in for a hood over his head.  = NPE-O
Philip Simmons, their only World Cup century-maker, added two more the only times he batted, smashing five sixes and 12 fours in 122 off 113 balls in the first match and two sixes and 10 fours in 104 off 139 balls in the third. = NPE-O
One group of ships kept watch on Dunkirk and the Flemish ports; a second, ready to protect the Thames estuary, lay in the Downs just north of Dover; a third was at Spithead, covering Portsmouth and watching Le Havre; a fourth was in the Mediterranean, off Toulon; and the fifth, and most important, was Admiral Hawke's squadron, whose close blockade of Brest, from his base at Plymouth, was to become a model for the future. = NPE-O
One group of ships kept watch on Dunkirk and the Flemish ports; a second, ready to protect the Thames estuary, lay in the Downs just north of Dover; a third was at Spithead, covering Portsmouth and watching Le Havre; a fourth was in the Mediterranean, off Toulon; and the fifth, and most important, was Admiral Hawke's squadron, whose close blockade of Brest, from his base at Plymouth, was to become a model for the future.  = NPE-O
The third is for companies to acquire software for profiling, cross-analysing and clustering the census variables against their own customer records.  = NPE-O
The first two questions will be 25 seat questions, the third a 50 seat question. = NPE-O
He added that two of Kalchu's bulls would die this winter and the third would live.  = NPE-O
The red bitch was the seventh in a line of dogs that had belonged to Kalchu's family since his grandfather had brought the first one back from Tibet some forty years previously.  = NPE-O
Also, it's not simply a garrison, it's a fortified city; with damned great walls and ditches and bastions built on three sides of it, and the sea to defend it on the fourth.’  = NPE-O
If you know any two of the above variables, it is easy to work out the third. = NPE-O
The following fragment of a manuscript is the third in our series ‘Women: 50 years ago’. = NPE-O
It was the third in a series of six meetings on women's liberation, organised by the women s group in the local Polytechnic.  = NPE-O
Three Westinghouse designed PWRs have been built there since 1974 and a fourth will be running by 1985. = NPE-O
If they are dragged out again, they will release a second leg, then a third. = NPE-O
There are four teams working closely together: two in environmental studies concerned respectively with village technology and agricultural and social aspects, a third on Mathematics and the fourth on Language. = NPE-O
There are four teams working closely together: two in environmental studies concerned respectively with village technology and agricultural and social aspects, a third on Mathematics and the fourth on Language. = NPE-O
The acceptance of the first of the three new premises on which the philosophy of the Created God rests, that is, that ‘god’ is a product of life and not the creator of all things, implies the acceptance of the truth of the second and third. = NPE-O
Our very existence proves the first, and the third is acknowledged to be a product of human life.  = NPE-O
I MISSED the first performance of Peter Thompson's Chinese Lantern Music at last year's Summer Serenade, was so delighted to hear the complete work — the third in a series of commissions for local composers — played by the Petersfield Area Youth Orchestra on Wednesday. = NPE-O
Neil Musgrove and Richard Williams, now in tight control of midfield, both went close before Musgrove, from the edge of the penalty area, slammed in the third. = NPE-O
The Fitzallan's played leading parts in Scottish life over several generations: the third Steward, Alan's son, was appointed Justiciary for Scotland by King Alexander II; the fourth fought at the Battle of Largs and was a Crusader; and the fifth was appointed a Guardian of Scotland during the troubled times before the rise of William Wallace. = NPE-O
Third in this trilogy of deaf men of remarkable achievements of this era who were mainly oralist but who respected those that used sign language was Abraham Farrar, born at Leeds, who became deaf at the age of 3 due to scarlet fever.  = NPE-O
In performance, the first two are prone to bouts of noisy, head-splitting virtuosity, and Third mercilessly shows up those who fail to integrate this volatility into music of a more obviously poetic nature, and the Fourth is one of those elusive late pieces, whose rarefied world is closed to all but the most sensitive of artists. = NPE-O
Another neglected master emerged on three LPs of Piano Sonatas by Harold Truscott, played, as in the Founds, by the indefatigable peter Jacobs; they revealed a muscial thinker of a very high order who has been, and still is, cruelly ignored by the muscial establishment (again, I understand that John Ogdon's recording for Altarus of Truscott's Tenth is due for release soon — and I would also make a plea for a re-issue of those other Sonatas on CD: they are contrapuntal masterpieces, sometimes witty, often beautiful, and they ought to be much more widely known).  = NPE-O
Although the long list of available versions of Mahler's various symphonic off-spring can usually be whittled down to a shortlist without too much difficulty, the situation regarding praiseworthy recoding of the Third has almost reached saturation point. = NPE-O
I'm not one for imbuing phrases with a coy, knowing wink in their gait, but at the same time there is a meticulousness about these particular performances (the Sixth is slightly better in this respect), which prevents the music from leaping off the page as quite it should. = NPE-O
In an unusually perceptive liner note, Robert Layton hits the nail on the head when he says ‘It is the exercise of true symphonic discipline that removes the Tenth from the private world to the universal’.  = NPE-O
One doesn't have to start capsize drill in a closed cockpit and Ms Wynne-Freer contradicts the statements in her fourth paragraph with those made in her tenth. = NPE-O
Myriam Jerusalmi in third is married to Richard Fox, second in the men's event.)  = NPE-O
It might be that in a list of names every tenth name is the leader of a section of ten people; to sample by every tenth would then result in either a sample of nothing but leaders or a sample with no leaders at all. = NPE-O
First one child sidles up to the teacher with some trinket to show in order to allow the warm, cheerful voice of teacher questioning and encouraging to wash over the beginning of their school day; then another, more venturesome, rushes into the teacher's arms, with breathless news to convey; and finally a third arrives preoccupied with the task in hand and refers inadvertently to teacher as ‘mum’. = NPE-O
And the third? = NPE-O
The third will look at the actual experience of one recent, and especially contentious, form of local government activity — the development of local economic strategies. = NPE-O
Procedure became uniform in the third century, while early in the fourth the differences of form were abolished by Constantine.  = NPE-O
The trimming or upholstery was of a different hue for each train set, the first trimmed in blue, the second in brown, and the third in green, all moquettes. = NPE-O
The Wolverton Royal Train remained in this form until 1 94 1, when three superb vehicles were completed at Wolverton Works, two of them saloons for George VI and Queen Elizabeth, to replace the L & NWR twelve-wheelers of 1903, and the third a carriage with sleeping compartments for the staff, luggage space, and a diesel-electric plant for supplying light and power to the train. = NPE-O
The third was a saloon for the Equerry and Secretary, built in 1957 (Lot No 30131), replacing ex-LNWR 807. = NPE-O
The third is a less tangible but no less striking phenomenon, the general feeling for freedom that has come over us all, an understanding heightened by the recent escape of millions of people by 1990 from the miseries of authoritarian rule and command economies. = NPE-O
Many Roman villas were built in the form of a rectangle — buildings on three sides and a wall on the fourth. = NPE-O
Upon tracing the sixth ventricle of the brain, which corresponds to the fourth in the human subject, to its apparent termination, the calamus scriptorius, I perceived the appearance of a canal, continuing by a direct course into the centre of the spinal marrow. = NPE-O
Although there are no August records, the species has been recorded in September, the earliest report being for the seventh in 1951 and 1974.  = NPE-O
In each of the four years, students spend some time teaching in primary schools (two weeks in the first year, four weeks in the second, four weeks in the third, and eight weeks in the fourth) under the supervision of school and University staff.  = NPE-O
‘The air is never of one self-colour only, but is often of two colours, with a little of the third.’  = NPE-O
Five hundred years on, the Seldon plan is working too well to be true: the First Foundation deduces (again) the existence of the second, the second that of … a third? = NPE-O
One is that they are a dumping site for iron; another is that the magnetic material is involved in the growth and repair of bones; and the third is that the magnetic deposits are concerned with detecting magnetic fields as an aid to navigation. = NPE-O
The East-West pipeline is the fourth in the series, and the only one that involves importing pipes, turbines and equipment.  = NPE-O
As this is the book I have turned to first ever since the first edition appeared in 1974, it's gratifying to note that enough people agree to take the volume into its third edition with a fourth on the way.  = NPE-O
It is left to the reader to plot these points on figure 10.3, and to connect the first and third. = NPE-O
It is not the only way to decide if the relationship between two variables depends upon the value of a third. = NPE-O
They awarded the first prize for the block plan design to Crepinet, the second to William Hastings of Belfast and the third to Morgan and Phipson. = NPE-O
The first prize for the Foreign Office design was awarded to H. E. Coe and Henry H. Hofland, the second to Banks and Barry, the third to Gilbert Scott and the fourth to Deane and Woodward. = NPE-O
The first prize for the Foreign Office design was awarded to H. E. Coe and Henry H. Hofland, the second to Banks and Barry, the third to Gilbert Scott and the fourth to Deane and Woodward. = NPE-O
The first prize for the War Department design was awarded to Henry B. Garling, the second to Botrel d'Hazeville of Paris, the third to J. T. Rochead of Glasgow and the fourth to Prichard and Seddon of Llandaff. = NPE-O
The first prize for the War Department design was awarded to Henry B. Garling, the second to Botrel d'Hazeville of Paris, the third to J. T. Rochead of Glasgow and the fourth to Prichard and Seddon of Llandaff.  = NPE-O
The dissemination of information in the event of an incident is dealt with at three levels: the first is the normal system of press notices; the second is the use of teletext and viewdata (Ceefax and Prestel) to get direct to members of the public at their homes or places of work; the third is the use of Telecom Gold electronic mail to get more technical details to various official bodies, such as water authorities (Jackson 1989).  = NPE-O
The third is that if the easy way out is taken and the children stay away, then the church will be deprived of their fresh and youthful presence. = NPE-O
The third is sexual love and enough illustrative material is on show in cinemas for me not to need to labour this point. = NPE-O
‘YOUR HORSE FELL AT THE FIFTH. = NPE-O
It so happens that the names Upehull, Upsall and Upshall occur in the records of one very small village — the first in a lay subsidy roll of 1327, the second in a manorial court roll of November 1550, and the third in a number of documents down to the latest twentieth-century electoral rolls. = NPE-O
There are several other possible explanations but they are all of an uncertain nature, so the study will not be pursued in these pages, Instead, a name from the author's conjugate family will be used, because its origin and development can be traced, quite unambiguously, from the thirteenth century to the twentieth. = NPE-O
There are three (perhaps four) sources of information — archaeological, documentary, and new observation through personal research; the dubious fourth being the stories by third-parties who ‘remember’ things about buildings now gone, or changed. = NPE-O
The third is possible changes in meaning which have occurred in certain words since the time when the writing was executed and the present day. = NPE-O
To some degree aspects of local distribution of the eighteenth century, poor relief of the nineteenth, or welfare benefits of the twentieth. = NPE-O
Four were on the main street; the fifth was on the western edge of the village. = NPE-O
A third blazed out its fiery message a few yards further on; and a fourth and fifth, all along the line, until they disappeared as orange glowworms in the far distance of the French right wing.  = NPE-O
By the time the customer walked into the shop, the joint had been wrapped by a second assistant whilst a third would fill the empty space in the window.  = NPE-O
Rose, giving evidence, said Sweeney had been refused a drink at three pubs and left a fourth. = NPE-O
Maisie sat in the corner of the kitchen with one chocolate bar in her mouth, another in her right hand, another in her lap and a fourth beside her on the draining board, in case anything should happen to the other three.  = NPE-O
 1498 Liam McNamara (a North Shore surfer riding a Willis Phazer) took off on the first, followed by Tony Moniz (another local) on the second and Carroll on the third. = NPE-O
 1054 It was clear by February that Frederick would allow no compromises; he returned six prisoners to the city, five of whom were blinded, while the sixth had his nose cut off. = NPE-O
 1526 He sang and played mandolin and flute on their short tour and on another John Peel session (their seventh) in May 1989. = NPE-O
397 ‘Mr Foggerty agreed to produce the fourth. = NPE-O
 1811 In no time, he'd bought a second one for Liam in Milltown, and then a third in Warrenpoint and now Liam was just about to clinch a site in Newry. = NPE-O
 2027 Denis, the third. = NPE-O
 2135 Burt made two more fine saves to deny Wells and Daynes, but there was nothing he could do to stop ‘Mill's third after 70 minutes. = NPE-O
 2146 Steve Warwick scored the second goal and was brought down in the area, enabling Alton to get their third in a 3–1 home win. = NPE-O
 1576 Columns of cast iron support roofs of wrought iron and glass over the three original bays (the fourth is a more recent addition), and an oriel above Platform 1 was the Station Master's vantage point. = NPE-O
 1168 Arsenal won their first five matches and did not lose until the tenth. = NPE-O
 2439 The fifth in the series of Automatic Methods Group residential conferences, held on the general theme of the managerial aspects of automated analysis, will take place at the Viking Hotel, York, on 2–4 June 1992. = NPE-O
 214 In brief, the first covers equal opportunities in matters of recruitment to CAB staff which has been discussed in Chapter 2; the second covers racism awareness training, which will be discussed in Chapter 6; and the third is a call to bureaux to reflect ethnic minority community needs. = NPE-O
 134 The second is to lightly grip this loop of line between finger and thumb, and the third is to hook the line over the index finger of the hand holding the rod (See Fig. 2). = NPE-O
 422 By late February he had already ‘endeavored to disseminate Truth’ in the form of three political lectures, the first two delivered at the Corn Market in Wine Street, the third in a vacant house on Castle Green. = NPE-O
 2481 Rule of simple proportion by which, given the relationship of two entities, the proportional relationship of a third can be discovered. = NPE-O
 3658 A second edition was published in Aug. 1836, and a third and fourth in 1837. = NPE-O
The third was a lengthy and dully-written biography of a late nineteenth-century general. = NPE-O
The fifth was a biography of a famous writer, which Boy read twice with great fascination.  = NPE-O
From these sources, it is possible quite quickly to gain an idea of how parkland has changed over the years — usually expanding in the later eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, and then contracting during the twentieth. = NPE-O
Nevertheless, the grammar schools existing separately from secondary modern schools edgily defended their difference and their rights — even if one of them had only six pupils in the upper sixth. = NPE-O
Lung cancer was not seen as a sequel to smoking until the middle of the twentieth. = NPE-O
One mistress I could ignore — but he's now on his sixth. = NPE-O
There was a grinding crunch of metal as the front of the car telescoped, a second crashing sound as the car behind it rammed into the wreckage — followed by a third. = NPE-O
Uneven and limited though this might have been, the gulf between Disraeli's two nations in the early and mid-nineteenth century became blurred and attenuated by the twentieth. = NPE-O
They would deny the right of those whose standard of living is already at or above the average to any further improvement until the submerged fifth had been given more or less equivalent benefits. = NPE-O
‘We were leading the British Open at Lytham when we played the fourth. = NPE-O
At the last, slightly shorter if I remember, it had been a 3- or a 4-iron for the second shot and I thought back to 1958 and the fourth at Lytham, But this rime the boss and I agreed on the 3-iron. = NPE-O
He hits his third into the rough.  = NPE-O
Confidence in this traditional system of government was enhanced by its absorption of democratic reform in the nineteenth century and by its survival through two world wars in the first half of the twentieth. = NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE-O
The twenty-third was allotted to Jupiter, the twenty-fourth to Mars, and the first of the next day to the sun, which thus ruled Sunday, and so on through the week.  = NPE-O
The view that the Lord's Day is essentially the Jewish Sabbath — a ‘taboo’ day — transferred from the seventh to the first day of the week found expression from time to time in medieval law and theology.  = NPE-O
The animal and vegetal poles define the main axis of the embryo and the first two cleavages are parallel to it while the third is always at right angles to it.  = NPE-O
Of the three ladies who were attending to her, two were in middle age and the third in her early thirties. = NPE-O
Tristan has two near neighbours, both uninhabited, Nightingale and Inaccessible, and a third a couple of hundred kilometres further south, Gough Island; all of them are the battered remains of extinct volcanoes.  = NPE-O
According to the painstaking analysis of the records by Verbeek, the largest of these took place at 05.30, 06.44, 10.02 and 10.52 Krakatoa time, on the morning of 27 August; of these the third was much the most violent.  = NPE-O
Two of these Mrs Rose could trace but the third had been with Crabb when they said goodbye and was not amongst his personal possessions returned to Crabb's mother by ‘Smith’. = NPE-O
First and second gear are nearly impossible to shift up and down, or from third to second for the first two miles in winter.  = NPE-O
The gravity of the second would be reflected in heavier sentences. = NPE-O
One removes the red blood cells, leaving the plasma; the second removes the fatty cholesterol.  = NPE-O
Oakland's Dave Henderson scored the A's first run with a homer in the second inning and they scored their second on a single by Dave Parker.  = NPE-O
The Ford Pay claim coincides with negotiations at Vauxhall where leaders of the 9,000 manual workers have turned down a two-year offer giving 9.1 per cent in the first year and inflation plus £3 in the second. = NPE-O
Triumph did develop the Stag a little, but not enough to make the last of the series significantly better than the first. = NPE-O
One minute a well-behaved group of us — writers, intellectuals and so forth — were contentedly watching Zelda Plum dancing with the chinchilla on her head while Ken the Australian Horse Player offered odds ('Six to four the rat,’ he used to say, I do not know why, and on this particular evening the rat escaped and tripped up Robin Fox, London's most distinguished theatrical agent, who fell on top of Wales's friend, the actress Susan George) and the next a squad of hooligans were pushing people around and conjuring a piece of pot from Mrs Mouse's sewing basket.  = NPE-O
All of which shows that one man's staple is another man's delicatessen or, rather, that the necessities of one generation can become the luxuries of the next. = NPE-O
HUNGARY'S ruling Socialist Workers Party took a big step yesterday towards the complete abandonment of Communism when its president, Rezso Nyers, sketched out the contours of a new socialist movement capable of contesting next year's free elections, the first in Eastern Europe for 40 years. = NPE-O
The first accused Washington of backing the failed coup; the second, complaining of the Bush ‘wimp factor’, said the United States had not done enough.  = NPE-O
The first laugh of the evening came with the phrase ‘non-aligned countries like Nato’; the second with the observation that killing for the first time is ‘like sex’: Darke's audience of true believers was easily pleased.  = NPE-O
The second was a report on restructuring the business in the run-up to privatisation.  = NPE-O
The first is the amounts of money to be made in the business.  = NPE-O
The first is that insofar as people continue to believe the figures, the Government derives an unfair advantage. = NPE-O
The second is that official statistics become less and less use as a basis for rational debate, let alone for good decisions.  = NPE-O
Cricket, he claimed, was his second religion, but his first won him the loyalty and affection of generations, whether the staff and pupils of Worksop College, of which he was chaplain, or his parishioners at Blewbury in Oxfordshire, of which he was vicar from 1964 until his death, five days before he was due to retire.  = NPE-O
Tomorrow he delivers a lecture Beyond the Rhetoric: a cool look at architectural judgement as the first in a series by new professors at Leeds Polytechnic. = NPE-O
But they begin at the beginning, with three works derived from the Greeks; the first is Euripides's dramatised cantata of desolation, The Trojan Women. = NPE-O
The first is the world economic situation, which hits him in two ways.  = NPE-O
But this last is precisely what Mr Lawson has long wanted to do and the Prime Minister absolutely forbidden.  = NPE-O
Many vital stanzas were lost, although none could fail to mark the superbly engineered climax of the first song or the sensuous duet with the flute at the end of the second. = NPE-O
Two of the women turn Mangan into a blubbering infant, and a third polishes her nails with vigorous glee over the wallowing body of her sentimental admirer.  = NPE-O
The Army's new anti-tank weapons are being designed with ‘tandem warheads’; the first explodes reactive armour and the second penetrates the shell of the tank. = NPE-O
The Army's new anti-tank weapons are being designed with ‘tandem warheads’; the first explodes reactive armour and the second penetrates the shell of the tank.  = NPE-O
Singer Chris is probably the first since Silverfish's Lesley from these parts to totally revel in being a pack leader. = NPE-O
The audience is small, a few hundreds, of whom maybe a third are white. = NPE-O
The two contentions can seem analogous, but the second concerns overt motive, the first a highly arguable interpretation. = NPE-O
The two contentions can seem analogous, but the second concerns overt motive, the first a highly arguable interpretation. = NPE-O
I suspect it's because the 1992 election is the first in which the BBC is following ITN's lead by using exit polls. = NPE-O
The first was just 20 minutes after the polls closed when, during a sample of random live interviews in Manchester, a man with a business on the verge of bankruptcy cheerfully admitted that the Tories had got him into this and he relied on them to get him out. = NPE-O
I made 27 calls to Central Office, of which the best was the last. = NPE-O
The superstition that the third light from a match brings bad luck apparently originates from the first world war, when German soldiers in the opposite trench would notice the first light, take aim at the second and fire at the third. = NPE-O
But, inexorably, each atoning lapse is easier than the last. = NPE-O
The first part of the remark was tautologous (show me a peaceful terrorist); and the second was untrue: Gerry Adams had just lost his West Belfast constituency. = NPE-O
As the novel's second part charts Shimomura's exploits in his adopted western lands, the third reflects Roshan's childhood in Punjab and Bombay, among Hindu, Sikh and Parsee friends. = NPE-O
The first is that of Aphrodite and Adonis: Aphrodite, the great Goddess, hides the child Adonis in a chest and gives him to Persephone, Goddess of the Underworld, who falls in love with Adonis and refuses to give him back. = NPE-O
This doesn't try to be a smart book, and is probably the last where Clairmont will be Claire, but it is quite unpatronising. = NPE-O
An appropriate response might be for four strong women to hold him down while a fifth administers a local anaesthetic and removes his balls. = NPE-O
A fourth term, the first since 1826. = NPE-O
The first was from a destitute young woman about to be evicted and threatening to gas her four children, then herself. = NPE-O
The second is from a cleric pitted simultaneously against natural forces and galloping Dissent; and the third from a small farmer bent upon ‘Improvement’. = NPE-O
The second is from a cleric pitted simultaneously against natural forces and galloping Dissent; and the third from a small farmer bent upon ‘Improvement’. = NPE-O
Frenzied production one week gives way to nothing the next. = NPE-O
Korean establishments were the first the crowd seems to have made for. = NPE-O
The first is that there are very many far more important questions, even if this is an interesting one. = NPE-O
The second is that this may not be a proper question at all, because it can't be answered. = NPE-O
The first is the European Commission's insistence that abolition of border controls means what it says: come next year, there must be no passport or customs control whatever at Dover. = NPE-O
The first is the notion that all that is now required is ‘one more heave’. = NPE-O
It is genuinely disorienting playing to 300 students at Lampeter University one night, and then facing a meagre 15 punters at Treadwell's Art Mill in Bradford the next. = NPE-O
The first is fraternal, popular entertainment, and a financial godsend for health care and education. = NPE-O
The second is intensely combative performance art, and just about self-financing. = NPE-O
Another suggested it was produced by special nerve cells in the brain; a third that it came in units called psychonic impulses, generated when two nerves were in communication. = NPE-O
Zack had made eight calls in thirteen days — the ninth was about to come in. = NPE-O
When the garage door was closed all three men pulled on their tracksuits and masks, while one went into the house to warn the fourth. = NPE-O
‘Schramme was one of the first. = NPE-O
If the last is the case then those profits will either be retained in the company and reinvested, or they will be passed on to the shareholders as increased dividends. = NPE-O
The first was the one we have just described, in which the path of the cutting tool is analysed by a technician from inspection of the engineering drawing, described in formal mathematical language, and recorded on punched tape. = NPE-O
The first was an attempt to break down demarcation between skilled trades doing maintenance work — the moving towards so-called ‘two-trades maintenance’. = NPE-O
The second was to do with the design of the machinery to increase job cycle times and to reduce the extent to which work would be machine paced. = NPE-O
A third noted: ‘A few years ago I would have said gay or weak, but it's improving,’ = NPE-O
In some areas, however, the ‘wherever practicable’ is translated to mean the seventh day, not the first. = NPE-O
The first is that drivers spend most of their working lives, with their heads encased in a fibreglass bucket.  = NPE-O
The second is that drivers like to retain at least one common link with those fans who don't have private jets, Boss jeans, impossibly lithe blondes etc.  = NPE-O
The first is his education: we find in the first two books of The Prelude those experiences which Wordsworth regarded as formative. = NPE-O
The second was his residence in France during the French Revolution: this direct encounter with the main movement of the age led Wordsworth into constant political agony and debate, and it is significant that one of the main characters in The Excursion , his other long poem, is the Solitary, a despondent figure disillusioned by the failure of the Revolution.  = NPE-O
The first is the traditional perception, the second the one that is gaining ground fast. = NPE-O
The first is the traditional perception, the second the one that is gaining ground fast. = NPE-O
The first is the Birkett Report of 1957 and the second is a White Paper published by the Home Office in 1980, updating the account given twenty-three years earlier. = NPE-O
A number of safeguards were said to be in force, the first being that all applications had to be made in writing. = NPE-O
Both arguments failed with the Court responding to the first by holding that the existing notification procedures were enough, there being no need for mandatory notification in all cases: = NPE-O
The first relates to the extraordinarily wide scope of the warrants. = NPE-O
Office, but with no information about the numbers issued by the Foreign Office or the Northern Ireland Office), and the second being a mere five pages (with an appendix of one page), yet priced at £1.90 (Lloyd, 1988). = NPE-O
The first is Thomas v. Sawkins , where a public meeting was called in Glamorgan to protest against the Incitement to Disaffection Bill then before Parliament and to call for the dismissal of the Chief Constable of the county. = NPE-O
The first is that the NRC co-ordinates strategy and the deployment of officers on a national basis in consultation with the Home Office, which may well have keen political interests in the matter to hand. = NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. = NPE-O
In Johannesburg, actually in the mining camp at Ferreira's Town, Frederick and Belle opened an hotel, which according to Robin Cranko was the first in the locality. = NPE-O
The ballet was not originally announced for the London season, but the company was persuaded to stay for an extra week and The Witch was premiered on 18 August the night before the last. = NPE-O
In the last lived old Mr Piggott, the sexton of St Andrew's. = NPE-O
Then the instrument was relaid with the crosshead towards the west so that the lengthening shadow gradually moved back along the hour marks to the twelfth. = NPE-O
The following century the Greek system of dating by successive Olympiads from the first in 776 BC was begun, either by the historian Timaeus of Sicily or by Eratosthenes, the famous librarian of the Museum in Alexandria and measurer of the earth, and later Greek chronology was based upon it.  = NPE-O
Each stage of development effectively sets the stage for the next. = NPE-O
The second wave was fifty yards away and bigger than the first. = NPE-O
On the first he could only straighten out to stay ahead of the whitewater; on the second he bailed out as the roof caved in. = NPE-O
On the first he could only straighten out to stay ahead of the whitewater; on the second he bailed out as the roof caved in.  = NPE-O
Although the English savant Roger Bacon deciphered the composition of gunpowder in the thirteenth century, it was used in the twelfth by the Moors in wars in Spain and so was probably known to the troops of Barbarossa, perhaps as a terrible Moorish secret weapon.  = NPE-O
The period between the end of the twelfth century and the middle of the thirteenth saw several crucial innovations in weaponry and armour which helped make the medieval knight what he was always intended to be: a superb fighting machine.  = NPE-O
