Not only is development of the new company's initial machine tied directly to Mr. Cray, so is its balance sheet. Documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the pending spinoff disclosed that Cray Research Inc. will withdraw the almost $ 100 million in financing it is providing the new firm if Mr. Cray leaves or if the product-design project he heads is scrapped.  :: VPE
Analysts noted yesterday that Cray Research's decision to link its $ 98.3 million promissory note to Mr. Cray's presence will complicate a valuation of the new company. "It has to be considered as an additional risk for the investor," said Gary P. Smaby of Smaby Group Inc., Minneapolis. "Cray Computer will be a concept stock," he said. "You either believe Seymour can do it again or you don't."  :: VPE
Crude as they were, these early PCs triggered explosive product development in desktop models for the home and office.  :: VPE
By most measures, the nation's industrial sector is now growing very slowly -- if at all. Factory payrolls fell in September. So did the Federal Reserve Board's industrial-production index.  :: VPE
The government's construction spending figures contrast with a report issued earlier in the week by McGraw-Hill Inc.'s F.W. Dodge Group. Dodge reported an 8 % increase in construction contracts awarded in September. The goverment counts money as it is spent ; Dodge counts contracts when they are awarded. The government includes money spent on residential renovation ; Dodge doesn't.  :: VPE
They also said that vendors were delivering goods more quickly in October than they had for each of the five previous months. Economists consider that a sign that inflationary pressures are abating. When demand is stronger than suppliers can handle and delivery times lengthen, prices tend to rise.  :: VPE
But Sony ultimately took a lesson from the American management books and fired Mr. Katzenstein, after he committed the social crime of making an appointment to see the venerable Akio Morita, founder of Sony. It's a shame their meeting never took place. Mr. Katzenstein certainly would have learned something, and it's even possible Mr. Morita would have too.  :: VPE
But it is Mr. Lane, as movie director, producer and writer, who has been obsessed with refitting Chaplin's Little Tramp in a contemporary way. In 1976, as a film student at the Purchase campus of the State University of New York, Mr. Lane shot "A Place in Time," a 36-minute black-and-white film about a sketch artist, a man of the streets. Now, 13 years later, Mr. Lane has revived his Artist in a full-length movie called "Sidewalk Stories," a poignant piece of work about a modern-day tramp. Of course, if the film contained dialogue, Mr. Lane's Artist would be called a homeless person. So would the Little Tramp, for that matter.  :: VPE
I say " dialogue " because "Sidewalk Stories " isn't really silent at all. Composer Marc Marder, a college friend of Mr. Lane's who earns his living playing the double bass in classical music ensembles, has prepared an exciting, eclectic score that tells you what the characters are thinking and feeling far more precisely than intertitles, or even words, would.  :: VPE
The Artist has his routine. He spends his days sketching passers-by, or trying to. At night he returns to the condemned building he calls home. His life, including his skirmishes with a competing sketch artist, seems carefree. He is his own man.  :: VPE
To further load the stakes, Mr. Lane dreamed up a highly improbable romance for the Artist, with a young woman who owns her own children's shop and who lives in an expensive high-rise apartment building. This story line might resonate more strongly if Mr. Lane had as strong a presence in front of the camera as he does behind it.  :: VPE
Mr. Wilder did introduce such legislation 17 years ago, but he did so at the request of a constituent, a common legislative technique used by lawmakers. The legislation itself noted that it was introduced " request," and in 1983 Mr. Wilder introduced a bill to protect rape victims from unfounded interrogation.  :: VPE
But maintaining U.S. influence will be difficult in the face of Japanese dominance in the region. Japan not only outstrips the U.S. in investment flows but also outranks it in trade with most Southeast Asian countries ( although the U.S. remains the leading trade partner for all of Asia ). Moreover, the Japanese government, now the world's largest aid donor, is pumping far more assistance into the region than the U.S. is. While U.S. officials voice optimism about Japan's enlarged role in Asia, they also convey an undertone of caution. "There's an understanding on the part of the U.S. that Japan has to expand its functions " in Asia, says J. Michael Farren, undersecretary of commerce for trade. " they approach it with a benevolent, altruistic attitude, there will be a net gain for everyone."  :: VPE
A 50-state study released in September by Friends for Education, an Albuquerque, N.M., school-research group, concluded that " cheating by American educators " is "common." The group says standardized achievement test scores are greatly inflated because teachers often " the test " as Mrs. Yeargin did, although most are never caught.  :: VPE
In CAT sections where students' knowledge of two-letter consonant sounds is tested, the authors noted that Scoring High concentrated on the same sounds that the test does -- to the exclusion of other sounds that fifth graders should know.  :: VPE
Department officials say that HHS Secretary Louis Sullivan will support Dr. Mason's ruling, which will be issued soon in the form of a letter to the acting director of the National Institutes of Health. Both Dr. Mason and Dr. Sullivan oppose federal funding for abortion, as does President Bush, except in cases where a woman's life is threatened.  :: VPE
Judge Ramirez, 44, said it is unjust for judges to make what they do. "Judges are not getting what they deserve. You look around at professional ballplayers or accountants... and nobody blinks an eye. When you become a federal judge, all of a sudden you are relegated to a paltry sum."  :: VPE
And executives at stations in such major markets as Washington ; Providence, R.I. ; Cleveland ; Raleigh, N.C. ; Minneapolis, and Louisville, Ky., say they may very well not renew "Cosby." Dick Lobo, the general manager of WTVJ, the NBC-owned station in Miami, for example, says the show has "been a major disappointment to us." " the prices we were charged, there should have been some return for the dollar. There wasn't."  :: VPE
That explains why the number of these wines is expanding so rapidly. But consumers who buy at this level are also more knowledgeable than they were a few years ago. "They won't buy if the quality is not there," said Cedric Martin of Martin Wine Cellar in New Orleans. " if they feel the wine is overpriced and they can get something equally good for less." Mr. Martin has increased prices on some wines ( like Grgich Hills Chardonnay, now $ 32 ) just to slow down movement, but he is beginning to see some resistance to high-priced red Burgundies and Cabernets and Chardonnays in the $ 30 to $ 40 range.  :: VPE
With the biggest wine-buying period of the year looming as the holidays approach, it will be interesting to see how the superpremiums fare. By January it should be fairly clear what's hot -- and what's not.  :: VPE
Signs of a slowing economy are increasing pressure on the Federal Reserve to cut short-term interest rates, but it isn't clear whether the central bank will do so.  :: VPE
Bush administration officials are looking to the Fed to bring down rates, and financial markets seem to be expecting easier credit as well. "I think the market had been expecting the Fed to ease sooner and a little more than it has to date," said Robert Johnson, vice president of global markets for Bankers Trust Co.  :: VPE
Adds Mitsui's Mr. Klauser : " corporations in this country, trading companies aren't so much interested in a high return on investment as they are on increasing trade flows. To the extent they can do this, they're quite content to get a return on investment of 1 % to 2 %."  :: VPE
The program-trading issue is heating up on Capitol Hill as it is on Wall Street, and several legislators want to grant the SEC the power to shut off the programs when trading becomes too volatile. SEC Chairman Richard Breeden has said he would be willing to consider circuit breakers that have preset trigger points, but he doesn't want discretionary power to stop programs.  :: VPE
The parishioners of St. Michael and All Angels stop to chat at the church door, as members here always have. In the tower, five men and women pull rhythmically on ropes attached to the same five bells that first sounded here in 1614.  :: VPE
Still, some market analysts say the current 3.3 % reading isn't as troublesome as it might have been in years past. "It's not a very meaningful indicator currently because corporations are not behaving in a traditional manner," says James H. Coxon, head of stock investments for Cigna Corp., the Philadelphia-based insurer.  :: VPE
In particular, Mr. Coxon says, businesses are paying out a smaller percentage of their profits and cash flow in the form of dividends than they have historically. So, while stock prices may look fairly high relative to dividends, they are not excessive relative to the underlying corporate strength.  :: VPE
"It has not been disruptive in the markets here," Mr. Maughan said. "The real difference seems to be that the cash market here... is big enough and liquid enough that the futures market isn't having the same impact it does in America."  :: VPE
He also is a consensus manager, insiders say. The decision to make the bid for Nekoosa, for example, was made only after all six members of Georgia-Pacific's management committee signed onto the deal -- even though Mr. Hahn knew he wanted to go after the company early on, says Mr. Correll. Associates say Mr. Hahn picked up that careful approach to management as president of Virginia Polytechnic Institute. Assuming that post at the age of 35, he managed by consensus, as is the rule in universities, says Warren H. Strother, a university official who is researching a book on Mr. Hahn. But he also showed a willingness to take a strong stand. In 1970, Mr. Hahn called in state police to arrest student protesters who were occupying a university building.  :: VPE
The framers hardly discussed the appropriations clause at the Constitutional Convention of 1787, according to Madison's notes. To the extent they did, their concern was to ensure fiscal accountability. Moreover, the framers believed that the nation needed a unitary executive with the independence and resources to perform the executive functions that the Confederation Congress had performed poorly under the Articles of Confederation. It would contradict that objective if the appropriations clause ( technically a limitation on legislative power ) could be read as placing the president on Congress's short leash, making the executive consist of the president and every member of Congress.  :: VPE
President Bush should veto appropriations acts that contain these kinds of unconstitutional conditions on the president's ability to discharge his duties and exercise his prerogatives. If President Bush fails to do so in his first year, he will invite Congress, for the remainder of his presidency, to rewrite Article II of the Constitution to suit its purposes. What becomes custom in the Bush administration will only become more difficult for future presidents, including Democrats, to undo.  :: VPE
If President Bush loses at the court, it might be disappointing, as Morrison v. Olson was for the Reagan administration. But the presidency would be no worse off than it is now. Moreover, the electorate would have received a valuable civics lesson in how the separation of powers works in practice.  :: VPE
If President Bush loses at the court, it might be disappointing, as Morrison v. Olson was for the Reagan administration. But the presidency would be no worse off than it is now. Moreover, the electorate would have received a valuable civics lesson in how the separation of powers works in practice.  :: VPE
As it stands now, Congress presumes after the Reagan administration that the White House will take unconstitutional provisions in appropriations bills lying down. President Bush should set things straight. If he does not, he will help realize Madison's fear in The Federalist No. 48 of a legislature " extending the sphere of its activity and drawing all powers into its impetuous vortex."  :: VPE
Department economists don't expect 1989 to be as good a year as 1988 was. Indeed, net cash income is likely to fall this year as farm expenses rise and government payments to farmers decline. At the same time, an increase of land under cultivation after the drought has boosted production of corn, soybeans and other commodities, causing a fall in prices that has been only partly cushioned by heavy grain buying by the Soviets.  :: VPE
The Herald joins the Baltimore News-American, which folded, and the Boston Herald-American, which was sold, as cornerstones of the old Hearst newspaper empire abandoned by the company in the 1980s. Many felt Hearst kept the paper alive as long as it did, if marginally, because of its place in family history. Its fanciful offices were designed by architect Julia Morgan, who built the Hearst castle at San Simeon. William Randolph Hearst had kept an apartment in the Spanish Renaissance-style building.  :: VPE
"I'm doing the main story, and I'm already two beers drunk," said reporter Andy Furillo, whom the Times hired away several years ago but who returned to the Herald out of preference. His wife also works for the paper, as did his father.  :: VPE
Officials from the various banks involved are expected to meet during the next few days to consider other arrangements with local authorities that could be questionable. The banks have 28 days to file an appeal against the ruling and are expected to do so shortly.  :: VPE
Short of a total ban, some anti-programmers have proposed several middle-ground reforms, which they say would take away certain advantages program traders currently enjoy in the marketplace that other investors don't.  :: VPE
In point of fact, volatility as measured by the annualized standard deviation of daily stock price movements has frequently been much higher than it is today. Periods before the advent of futures or program trading were often more volatile, usually when fundamental market conditions were undergoing change ( 1973-75, 1937-40, and 1928-33 for example ). It is interesting to see the fundamental stock pickers scream "foul " on program trading when the markets decline, while hailing the great values still abounding as the markets rise. Could rising volatility possibly be related to uncertainty about the economics of stocks, instead of the evil deeds of program-trading goblins ?  :: VPE
Mr. Egnuss's dislike of program trading is echoed by many small investors interviewed by Wall Street Journal reporters across the country. But like Mr. Egnuss, few expect it to be halted entirely, and a surprising number doubt it should be.  :: VPE
"I think program trading is basically unfair to the individual investor," says Leo Fields, a Dallas investor. He notes that program traders have a commission cost advantage because of the quantity of their trades, that they have a smaller margin requirement than individual investors do and that they often can figure out earlier where the market is heading.  :: VPE
" as the 1980s bull market transformed the U.S. securities business, so too will the more difficult environment of the 1990s," says Christopher T. Mahoney, a Moody's vice president. "A sweeping restructuring of the industry is possible." Standard & Poor's Corp. says First Boston, Shearson and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc., in particular, are likely to have difficulty shoring up their credit standing in months ahead.  :: VPE
Investors switched trading focus quickly as they did Tuesday, reflecting uncertainty about long-term commitments to any issue or sector, traders said.  :: VPE
Indexing -- Many investors, mainly institutions, follow an investment strategy of buying and holding a mix of stocks to match the performance of a broad stock-market barometer such as the S&P 500. Many institutional index funds are active program traders, swapping their stocks for futures when profitable to do so.  :: VPE
Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately, not a month later. But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files, the law tells them when to do so. Investors who want to change the required timing should write their representatives in Congress, he added. The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis, he said.  :: VPE
"I personally don't enjoy seeing players who I remember vividly from their playing days running about and being gallant about their deficiencies," says Roger Angell, New Yorker magazine's resident baseball sage. "I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were."  :: VPE
No wonder. We were coming down straight into their canal. See, the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you can't steer. And neither can your pilot. You can go only up or down ( by heating the balloon's air with a propane burner, which does make the top of your head feel hot ) and ride the air currents. Which makes the chase car necessary. Most balloonists seldom go higher than2,000 feet and most average a leisurely 5-10 miles an hour. When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion. Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel, well, airborne in a picnic basket.  :: VPE
The FBI initially showed little interest, and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape. The CIA told him it does not do domestic counterespionage. One learns a lot from this book, or seems to, about crippling federal bureaucracy. "Seems to " because it's possible that the CIA and the National Security Agency were more interested than they let on to Mr. Stoll.  :: VPE
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century. Actually, about two years ago, the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century. But the Reserve Fund, America's first money fund, was not named, nor were the creators of the money-fund concept, Harry Brown and myself. We innovated telephone redemptions, daily dividends, total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing, all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC.  :: VPE
The judge says he can't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial, although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe, he would be far wealthier than he is. His seven-bedroom cedar and brick house outside of Johnstown is up for sale to pay for his lawyers.  :: VPE
"You can't say it's a " tsunami " tidal wave ), but we're making some headway," says Fannie Mae's chairman, David O. Maxwell, who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities. "Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago." The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here.  :: VPE
These securities are attractive to Japanese investors for three reasons. First, they are safe. While they aren't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government, as Treasury bonds are, it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary. ( U.S. Treasury bonds are still the dollar-denominated investment of choice for long-term Japanese investors ). Second, they are liquid. The secondary market in federally backed mortgage securities now exceeds $ 900 billion, or nearly half of the $ 2.2 trillion in U.S. residential mortgages issued. Third, they offer high yields. At the moment, some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities.  :: VPE
In addition, further packaging of mortgage-backed securities, such as Blackstone's fund, have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions don't have to. Freddie Mac for years has offered a so-called participation certificate that guarantees it won't be prepaid for a set number of years and offers semiannual payments.  :: VPE
Talks between the two sides could unravel, of course, as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters. But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other's terms to resolve the issue. And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract, the producers said in sworn court declarations that they didn't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle.  :: VPE
But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge : They motivate sales people with commissions. Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and aren't expected to anytime soon.  :: VPE
Mr. Moon planned to convert millions of Americans to his unique brand of Christianity -- in which he plays the role of Old Testament-style temporal, political messiah -- and then to make the U.S. part of a unified international theocracy. His original strategy ( in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion ) was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions. Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds. More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America, as they had in Japan and South Korea. Then he would move his movement to Europe.  :: VPE
An 11-week dispute involving Australia's1,640 domestic pilots has slashed airline earnings and crippled much of the continent's tourist industry. "The only people who are flying are those who have to," said Frank Moore, chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association. He added : " is a travel agent going to sell a holiday when he can not guarantee a return flight ? " Transport giant TNT, which owns half of one of the country's two major domestic carriers, said the cost of the dispute had been heavy, cutting TNT's profits 70 % to $ 12 million in the three months to Sept. 30.  :: VPE
"We are in a transitional phase from being a Japanese company to becoming an international company based in Japan," says Mr. Muramatsu, the executive vice president. He promises that Nissan will soon establish a holding company overseeing all U.S. operations, just as it's doing in Europe.  :: VPE
Finally, I think it important to point out the extraordinarily high visibility of non-violent civil disobedience in these days of intensive media coverage. Give television a chance to cover live any breaking of the law, and no second invitation will be required. This brings into question the motives of those who lead civil disobedience demonstrations. Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ? Here is a good rule of thumb : If the movement produced the leader, the chance that he is sincere is much greater than if the leader produced the movement. In either case, ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience. If you have not, it is probable that a thorough airing of the dispute by calm and rational debate would have been the better course.  :: VPE
J. Nicholas Hahn, Cotton Inc.'s president and chief executive, was an outspoken critic of WPP Group's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year. During the takeover, Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP's bid were successful, but he didn't.  :: VPE
 Cambodia : " Let's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen. Is the trouble over ? Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China ? He can't.  :: VPE
But there were hitches, not the least of which was that, Mr. Wathen says, he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition, which was completed in January 1988. "We weren't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons. If we had, it might have scared us off," he says.  :: VPE
We hear that HUD Secretary Jack Kemp is toying with going along with some of the Cranston-Mitchell proposals. That sounds like a formula for ensuring that he gets dragged into the next HUD tar pit. A group of 27 Senators has written Mr. Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs that empower the poor rather than create vast new government obligations. But even if he agrees, Mr. Kemp doesn't write the nation's housing law -- Congress does. And the majority of Members cynically view the current discrediting of HUD as mainly a chance to shove through their own slate of projects.  :: VPE
"Most people -- whether in Toledo, Tucson or Topeka -- haven't got a clue who we are," says Guy L. Smith, Philip Morris's vice president of corporate affairs. " they think well of the company through our support of the Bill of Rights, it follows they'll think well of our products." Mr. Smith says the Bill of Rights commercial, which trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression, isn't designed to have any special appeal for smokers. Although Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers with free-choice arguments, "this has nothing to do with cigarettes, nor will it ever," the spokesman says.  :: VPE
That nets out to about $ 17 a share for the company on a private market basis. But Santa Fe, currently trading at 18 7\, isn't likely to realize private market values by selling assets, because the tax against it would be onerous. Its plan, instead, is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same with its mining and energy assets.  :: VPE
The big questions are whether the increase, effective Jan. 1, 1990, will stick, and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit. It is widely expected that they will. The increase is on the base price, which is already being discounted by virtually all steel producers.  :: VPE
As for gold, she notes that it usually rises when the dollar is weak, as it has been lately. Among gold stocks, Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co., Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co.  :: VPE
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs. While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened, I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can.  :: VPE
By concentrating all their resources on the pay raise, Wright and Tower, the networks actually overlooked some major stories that showed the flaws and shortcomings of the institution.... An imaginative producer could easily have created a fast-moving and interesting piece about how Congress really works -- and why voters in, say, West Virginia got a federally funded university project and building while voters in Arkansas did not. But nobody did such a piece, reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman's duties as a congressman, the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network.  :: VPE
What Ms. Pfeiffer had going for her besides determination -- Ms. Stevens recalled that the actress was up one night until 3 a.m. practicing "My Funny Valentine " -- was an airy alto, a nice breathy quality and intelligence. " we first started working it was a matter of finding a language we both understood," Ms. Stevens said. "I couldn't talk with her as I would with someone who had a lot of vocal training."  :: VPE
So what Ms. Stevens talked about was the importance of saying the words at the front of the mouth with the lips and the teeth. She urged Ms. Pfeiffer to get the feeling of a smile in her throat and to put a smile on her face to give the pitch and the sound a lift. She kept harping on the importance of overdoing the consonants and percussive endings like "T " and "K." She talked about using language as a tool, about flirting with the lyrics. And please, Michelle, when you sing the line in "Makin' Whoopee," about another sunny, funny honeymoon, don't say "funn-ih," the way Dylan would. Say "funn-eeee." Put the clean vowel ending on it. And Michelle, must you continue to smoke two packs of cigarettes a day ?  :: VPE
All 50 states require that small children be strapped into safety seats in cars. On planes, FAA rules dictate that children two years old and over have their own tickets and be strapped into regular seats, just as adults are. Babies under two may sit on laps and fly for free. But it is almost impossible to keep hold of a baby during an air crash, or even in severe turbulence.  :: VPE
First, addressing the Oct. 13 market break, this was certainly more of a technical gyration and a local jungle exercise, than an investor reaction to the day's political events in Washington. Look not to the managers of taxable investment funds as the source of selling late that afternoon, but rather to several of the usual suspects ( " " banks and institutions ) geared up with imperfect trading programs that accelerate market deterioration, once begun. The catalyst for this decline was, indeed, the breakdown of the United Airlines transaction and its resultant pre-margin call liquidation of various holdings by arbitragers and other traders. I can assure Mr. Wanniski that the market is not as politically motivated as he is.  :: VPE
Some analysts have said Courtaulds' moves could boost the company's value by 5 % to 10 %, because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined. In addition, Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities.  :: VPE
But raising stock-index futures margins could make the stock market even more volatile, futures traders contend. Higher margins would price many professional speculators -- whose trades help futures markets function smoothly -- out of business. If these speculators can't afford to trade as actively as before, stock-index futures prices, and therefore stock prices, may have to fall further than they might otherwise to attract buyers.  :: VPE
Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment, as did MCA, where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture. But record industry executives familiar with the talks said Mr. Azoff and Warner came to an agreement yesterday to form a 50-50 joint-venture company funded by Warner and run by Mr. Azoff. Among other things, they said, Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label.  :: VPE
The agreement is said to be similar to Warner's 50-50 partnership with record and movie producer David Geffen, whose films and records are distributed by the Warner Bros. studio and the Warner records unit. Although Mr. Azoff won't produce films at first, it is possible that he could do so later, the sources said.  :: VPE
But sometimes more energetic attacks are required. To wrestle with a demon in a house owned by a Litchfield, Conn., woman, the Warrens recently called in an exorcist, the Rev. Robert McKenna, a dissident clergyman who hews to the Catholic Church's old Latin liturgy. I attend, and so does a television crew from New York City.  :: VPE
The uncertainty is sending shivers through Brazilian financial markets. The dollar, the best indicator of the country's mood, has skyrocketed on the parallel market, as has gold. Capital flight is reported to be strong.  :: VPE
If Brazil devises an economic strategy allowing it to resume growth and service debt, this could lead it to open up and deregulate its sheltered economy, analysts say, just as Argentinian President Carlos Saul Menem has been doing even though he was elected on a populist platform.  :: VPE
If Mr. Gates had been allowed to say these things, we would now be hearing about "discord " and "disarray " on foreign policy. Dark hints would be raised that parts of the administration hope Mr. Gorbachev would fail, just as they were when Vice President Quayle voiced similar sentiments. It's somehow OK for Secretary Baker himself, however, to say all the same things. In fact, he did ; the quotes above are from Mr. Baker's speech of two weeks ago.  :: VPE
Do you think the British know something that we don't ?  :: VPE
Japan normally depends heavily on the Highland Valley and Cananea mines as well as the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea. Recently, Japan has been buying copper elsewhere. But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating, they are expected to resume their roles as Japan's suppliers. According to Fred Demler, metals economist for Drexel Burnham Lambert, New York, "Highland Valley has already started operating and Cananea is expected to do so soon."  :: VPE
All independent media activity is now illegal, which perhaps is not surprising, but so is the manufacture of perfume, cosmetics, household chemicals and sand candles. Medical cooperatives, among the most successful in the U.S.S.R., are banned from providing general-practitioner services ( their main source of income ), carrying out surgery, and treating cancer patients, drug addicts and pregnant women.  :: VPE
The closeness of Soviet perestroika to the fascist social blueprint of Mussolini was evident when Mr. Gorbachev presented his economic vision to the Soviet Congress. In doing so, he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market. Instead, he proposed a "law-governed economy," in which there would be a "clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management." The latter would be undertaken by "enterprises, joint stock companies and cooperatives." These would not function independently, but would act together to form ", unions and associations " to tackle problems and coordinate their activities.  :: VPE
Mr. Gorbachev is in a much stronger position to pursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini, who was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat. The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it.  :: VPE
The U.S. market, too, is dominated by a giant, International Business Machines Corp. But early on, IBM offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it. Dozens of small companies did, swiftly establishing a standard operating system. That spurs competition and growth, allows users to change and mix brands easily, and increases software firms' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer.  :: VPE
In Japan, "software is four to five years behind the U.S. because hardware is four to five years behind, because NEC is enjoying a monopoly," complains Kazuhiko Nishi, the president of Ascii Corp., one of Japan's leading PC-magazine publishing and software companies. "There are no price wars, no competition." An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. She adds that some technological advances trail those in the U.S. because the Japanese still import basic operating systems from American companies.  :: VPE
But the Americans are also to blame. They long made little effort here. IBM, though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business, didn't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did, and that wasn't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard. Apple didn't introduce a kanji machine -- one that handles the Chinese characters of written Japanese -- until three years after entering the market. Critics also say American companies charge too much. Japan's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting.  :: VPE
Supporters of index arbitrage haven't been publicly sticking up for the trading strategy, as some did during the post-crash outcry of 1987. But Merrill Lynch, in its statement about pulling out of index arbitrage, suggested that the current debate has missed the mark.  :: VPE
"Due to the earthquake in San Francisco, Nissan is donating its commercial air time to broadcast American Red Cross Emergency Relief messages. Please contribute what you can," the ad said. The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment, and then came a taped plea for donations from former President Reagan -- followed by the silent print telling viewers where to call. Within two hours, viewers pledged over $400,000, according to a Red Cross executive.  :: VPE
Toyota's upscale Lexus division, a sponsor of the World Series, also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored. "The World Series is brought to you by Lexus, who urges you to help relieve the suffering caused by the recent earthquake...," the game announcer said. And New York Life made a plea for Red Cross donations in newspaper ads in the San Francisco area, latching onto the coattails of the Red Cross's impeccable reputation : "The Red Cross has been helping people for 125 years. New York Life has been doing the same for over 140 years."  :: VPE
Yesterday, Joel Zweibel, an attorney for Eastern's creditors committee, declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to. He said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating. " every case, people would like to see a consentual plan," he said.  :: VPE
"One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is. I am not sure that judges, many of whom I like very much, are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers," said Richard Kurnit, a New York advertising lawyer.  :: VPE
But even that group knows some people don't use their machines as much as they should. "The first excuse is they don't have enough time," says research director Thomas Doyle. "The second is they don't have enough discipline." With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years, he adds, "a lot of garages, basements and attics must be populated with them."  :: VPE
Moreover, Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do. In the U.S., PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network. In Japan, many desktop terminals are limited to one function and can't communicate with other machines.  :: VPE
Last Thursday, PaineWebber Group Inc. also said it would cease index arbitrage altogether, but the firm wasn't as big an index arbitrager as Merrill is. Other large firms, including Bear, Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co., last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage, but only for the firms' own accounts.  :: VPE
"There is no question that the situation is bad, but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should," he said.  :: VPE
One could imagine such a lull in the lives of the Arabs before the quadrupling of oil prices. For just as the Arabs were in the 1960s, the farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame. The Arabs had merely oil. These farmers may have a grip on the world's very heart. Or, at least, its heart disease.  :: VPE
Some business analysts blame the problem on tough competition in the insurance market. They say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do. But the general practice makes it more difficult to combine small groups of people into larger groups, thus spreading the risk over a larger base of premiums.  :: VPE
Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task. He isn't as well-known to clients as is Mr. Roman. Under his watch, office politicking was often rampant in the agency's New York operation and the office there has had a dismal new-business record for more than a year. And while last week the agency hired a top Chiat\ executive, Bill Hamilton, to try to bolster its work, "Graham has to get the revenue of that New York office moving," says James Dougherty, an analyst with County NatWest Securities.  :: VPE
At Wells Rich, Ms. Heller will concentrate on accounts that include Philip Morris's Benson & Hedges cigarette brand, which relies on print ads, Ms. Heller's specialty. As previously reported, the account is troubled, with Philip Morris asking Backer Spielvogel Bates, Ogilvy & Mather, and possibly others to try their hand at developing new creative work. Wells Rich declined to comment on the status of the account, as did the other agencies.  :: VPE
"I went out to Todd { Burns, the A's reliever } and told him that we weren't gon na let this guy beat us," said Oakland catcher Terry Steinbach of the decisive confrontation with Mitchell, the National League's reigning home-run king. "I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything, and that's what we did. The ball he hit wasn't a strike. If it had been, he mighta hit it out."  :: VPE
Even White House budget director Richard Darman had trouble finding a silver lining in the report. "I suppose you could say the good news is that the deficits are not heading up," he said, " you can't be satisfied with deficits at this level and we're not."  :: VPE
Merrill Lynch, Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody, in addition to Shearson, do program-trade OTC stocks. Shearson, Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers, however. Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients' accounts.  :: VPE
And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further, market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress. On days when prices are tumbling, they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will. In such an environment, market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares.  :: VPE
Mr. Bush has pledged as well to respect the 14-year-old executive order barring U.S. agents from assassinating foreign leaders or helping others to do so. Congress never fully trusted former CIA chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban.  :: VPE
The Brookings and Urban Institute authors caution, however, that most nursing home stays are of comparatively short duration, and reaching the Medicaid level is more likely with an unusually long stay or repeated stays. Moreover, they note, those who manage to pay their own way often do so only by selling their homes, using up life savings or drawing heavily on children and other relatives.  :: VPE
But as astounding as the changes that have already occurred are, there is a fragility to glasnost. Censorship isn't a Marxist invention. The czars were no civil libertarians. As late as the 1890s, the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines. It even directed newspapers not to publish anything that might stain the honor of the Turkish sultan's wives. So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society. It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history. It is public relations of the highest sophistication, that recognizes that credibility is enhanced by honesty -- up to a point.  :: VPE
Judge Albert Green, in Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago, also recognized the suit, filed last May by Robert and Cynthia Langendorf, as a class action covering thousands of Irving customers. The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure. Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers.  :: VPE
" deregulation of the market in 1985, producers have become much more intensely involved in both transportation and marketing," Mr. Maier said. "It's a matter of being close to those suppliers ; many of those companies don't know us as well as they should."  :: VPE
Mr. Good, who documents these things as best he can, provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt :"1,430 pounds of ammunition," he wrote his commander in chief, were expended on "unidentified aircraft," flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between9,000 and18,000 feet.  :: VPE
To reduce the danger of such pricing cycles, Akzo has invested heavily in specialty chemicals, which have highly specific industrial uses and tend to produce much higher profit margins than do bulk chemicals. Akzo's biggest move in this area was the 1987 acquisition of Stauffer Chemical Co.'s specialty chemical business for $ 625 million.  :: VPE
"Monitoring shows that the Natick team's new system really does reduce cycle time for the morning package sort," reports James Barksdale, chief operating officer at Federal Express. "The vans leave at least 15 minutes earlier, on average, than they used to. And service levels have increased to the point where they're consistently above 99 %."  :: VPE
"We're taking on more debt than we would have liked to," acknowledged Michael Plouf, LIN's vice president and treasurer. Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt, he estimated that the company wouldn't be profitable until 1994 or later.  :: VPE
A new specialty court was sought by patent experts, who believed that the generalists had botched too many important, multimillion-dollar cases. Some patent lawyers had hoped that such a specialty court would be filled with experts in the field. But the Reagan administration thought otherwise, and so may the Bush administration.  :: VPE
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that wouldn't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires. "There's either a minority { stake } package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there isn't," said one knowledgeable individual. " there isn't, { the deal } won't be put forward " to shareholders.  :: VPE
The marriage of news and theater, if not exactly inevitable, has been consummated nonetheless. News programs, particularly if they score well in the ratings, appeal to the networks' cost-conscious corporate parents because they are so much less expensive to produce than an entertainment show is -- somewhere between $400,000 and $500,000 for a one-hour program. Entertainment shows tend to cost twice that. Re-enactments have been used successfully for several seasons on such syndicated "tabloid TV " shows as "A Current Affair," which is produced by the Fox Broadcasting Co. unit of Rupert Murdoch's News Corp. That show, whose host is Ms. Chung's husband, Maury Povich, has a particular penchant for grisly murders and stories having to do with sex -- the Robert Chambers murder case, the Rob Lowe tapes, what have you.  :: VPE
Although acquiring a foreign company would expand Japanese advertising agencies' business to foreign clients, many clients would also be Japanese companies expanding overseas, says the Dentsu spokesman. But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan.  :: VPE
He said traders should be on the lookout for how metals producers react to this rally. "I expect to see some selling, but will they kill this one as they have every rally in the recent past " by selling and locking in prices for their production ? He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals.  :: VPE
Data Resources' Mr. Wyss added that he will be keeping a closer eye than ususal on October chain-store sales. Usually, October "n't a very interesting month { for retail figures } because school clothes have been bought and people are waiting for December to buy Christmas presents," he said. But Mr. Wyss said he will watch the numbers to get an inkling of whether consumers' general buying habits may slack off as much as their auto-buying apparently has. He noted that higher gasoline prices will help buoy the October totals.  :: VPE
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it's carrying a lot of debt. Champion International said, "We've gotten our costs down and we're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we've ever been."  :: VPE
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form. It argues, as does Unice, that labor relations are best left to be regulated at the national level.  :: VPE
Accepted theories of asset pricing offer a perfectly legitimate explanation. Accepted theories state that investors require higher returns on riskier investments. Thus, rather than seeing the excess returns to the pro-selected portfolio as being abnormal, I see those returns as simply compensations for taking on added risk. I believe the risk for each individual stock selected by your pros is very large. If you asked me to select a stock with the highest expected return, I would select a stock with the greatest amount of undiversifiable risk, as I am sure your pros do. Your hypothetical investor is simply being compensated for taking on this added risk.  :: VPE
Like others, Mr. Gabelli says that if futures cause investors to lose confidence in stocks, they will move away from stocks -- as many have already done. And those who remain, he says " demand a higher return and over time raise the cost of capital to companies."  :: VPE
We read with interest Robert Tomsho's Sept. 28 page-one article on Robert Redford ( " Sundance Kid Gets Little Respect Around Sundance " ). Misunderstanding conversations with us, Mr. Tomsho argued that Mr. Redford's environmental views are at odds with Utah residents. This may have been true 10 years ago, but times have changed, even in Utah. Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist. He has not changed, but those around him have. Many of his views on the protection of wilderness areas, rivers and canyons are now embraced by mainstream, conservative Utahans.  :: VPE
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined ( 30 hours a week versus 25.3 ). Almost half ( 49.8 % ) reported suffering "mental abuse " from coaches, and almost one-quarter ( 24.8 % ) said they had been pressured to ignore injuries.  :: VPE
But even those numbers don't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words. The composite portrait that emerges isn't of a pampered jock marking time until he can land a seven-figure pro contract -- he's part of a tiny minority. Rather, it's of a kid ( we're talking about 17 to 22 year olds here ) having a tough time making the best of what will probably be his one shot at college.  :: VPE
Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does.  :: VPE
Some34,320 fans jammed the stands, and shouted at the top of their lungs. Mr. Engelken was doing the same across the Hudson River in New Jersey, where, with his nose pressed against the front window of the Passaic-Clifton National Bank, he watched the duel on a television set the bank set up for the event.  :: VPE
Within the past two months a bomb exploded in the offices of the El Espectador in Bogota, destroying a major part of its installations and equipment. And only last week the newspaper Vanguardia Liberal in the city of Bucaramanga was bombed, and its installations destroyed. Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets. Distribution centers are bombed, and advertisers are intimidated. Censorship is imposed by terrorism.  :: VPE
In an interview with reporters and editors of The Wall Street Journal, Mr. Dinkins appears quite confident of victory and of his ability to handle the mayoralty. "A lot of people think I will give away the store, but I can assure you I will not," he says. "I am aware we have real budgetary problems."  :: VPE
No doubt, Mr. Dinkins has been a calming influence. He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues' children, opens doors for women, and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody. More important, he emerged as a peacemaker last summer after the Central Park rape of a white jogger -- in which a group of Harlem teens was charged -- and the racial murder of a black teen-ager in the white Brooklyn neighborhood of Bensonhurst. Rather than scaring off white voters, as many predicted he would, Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head. ( Keeping cool is a Dinkins priority : On humid days this summer, he was known to change his double-breasted suits as many as four times a day. )  :: VPE
Mr. Dinkins also has failed to allay Jewish voters' fears about his association with the Rev. Jesse Jackson, despite the fact that few local non-Jewish politicians have been as vocal for Jewish causes in the past 20 years as Mr. Dinkins has.  :: VPE
Another close ally is Ruth Messinger, a Manhattan city councilwoman, some of whose programs, such as commercial rent control, have made their way into Mr. Dinkins's position papers. If she remains influential with Mr. Dinkins, as some suggest she will, his mayoralty may take on a more anti-development flavor.  :: VPE
But Lincoln Center President Nathan Leventhal, who would head a Dinkins transition team, is more mainstream, as is real-estate executive Anthony Gliedman, another insider. Mr. Dinkins also has said he would receive economic advice from a board that would include American Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III, investment banker Felix Rohatyn, leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney Joseph Flom.  :: VPE
Ms. Johnson, who works out of Aetna's office in Walnut Creek, an East Bay suburb, is awed by the earthquake's destructive force. "It really brings you down to a human level," she says. "It's hard to accept all the suffering people are going through, but you have to. If you don't, you can't do your job."  :: VPE
Ms. Johnson, who works out of Aetna's office in Walnut Creek, an East Bay suburb, is awed by the earthquake's destructive force. "It really brings you down to a human level," she says. "It's hard to accept all the suffering people are going through, but you have to. If you don't, you can't do your job."  :: VPE
Her new line of work has some perils. Recently, a contractor saved her from falling three stories as she investigated what remained of an old Victorian house torched by an arsonist. "I owe that contractor. I really do," she says.  :: VPE
Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers. And then, asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far.  :: VPE
"Legislation tends to be compromised. I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court, through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies. I see Congress as a last resort." Healthy thrifts such as Columbia or the junk-bond market itself should have been so lucky. The reality of life in modern America is that if you want to wreck something that works, let it fall into the hands of Congress.  :: VPE
The bill also would give the SEC the power to close the markets, a discretion that former SEC Chairman David Ruder wanted but Mr. Breeden doesn't.  :: VPE
The markets are complex, as is the environment in which they function. When problems surface, the temptation becomes strong to summarily overhaul a market system that has served for more than 100 years. That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications, positive and negative, of the proposed resolutions to those problems, and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades.  :: VPE
As a critique of middle-class mores, the story is heavy-handed. But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz. We see, smell and hear slums filled with "the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language, rattling coughs and the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats and spewing into the street." And we meet engaging crooks, such as Hassan "the Head," famed for his head-butting fights, his whoring and his hashish. "God has not yet ordained that I should have earnings,' he tells his worried mother." Hassan comes to a bad end, but so does almost everyone else in the book.  :: VPE
Said's story reflects the souring of socialism under Nasser, whose dictatorial rule replaced the monarchy overthrown in 1952. By 1961, Mr. Mahfouz's idealism had vanished or become twisted, as it has in Said. His giddy dream of redeeming a life of " aimed bullets " by punishing the "real robbers " -- the rich "dogs " who prey on the poor -- leads only to the death of innocents, and eventually to his own.  :: VPE
Cairo's spirited squalor also has gone gray. Here, the city is dark and laden with symbolism : Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society. While the theme is compelling, the plot and characters are not. We never care about Said or the "hypocrites " he hunts. "The Thief and the Dogs " is a pioneering work, the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic, but it is likely to disappoint Western readers.  :: VPE
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the 2.5 % pace "good, solid growth," although he said he expects the expansion to slow in the fourth quarter. He added : "Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be, and I think that's good news."  :: VPE
What tongue to speak is an emotional mine field in the Philippines. It is entrenched in the country's colonial bonds to the U.S., in Philippine class structure, in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography. As they did when the Philippines was a colony of the U.S., teachers for the most part teach in English, even though it is a foreign language for most Philippine children. As a result, they often speak one language at home, another at school. Mrs. Brown calls the modern-day cultural ambivalence to Filipino a "language schizophrenia."  :: VPE
Admittedly last season's runaway hit, "Steel Magnolias," helped a lot, but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board. Only time will tell if Mr. Boyd can restore to the Alley the acclaim it received when its founder, Nina Vance, was at the height of her powers. But it is clear he is going to give it a shot.  :: VPE
Among the arguments Sony makes is that Warner should let the producers go to Columbia because it already allowed the producers to become co-chairmen of publicly held Barris Industries Inc., which earlier this year changed its name to Guber Peters Entertainment. Sony also says in its filing that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters were offered management posts at Columbia once before in 1987, and that "Warner approved and encouraged them to do so."  :: VPE
In 1984, Howard Conant, a director of Valspar Corp., donated to Goodwill Industries Inc. of Chicago an eight-acre site on the city's west side, where Valspar had operated a paint factory. Goodwill planned to sell the property and pocket the proceeds, as it had in many similar cases.  :: VPE
Mr. Jeancourt-Galignani refused to say whether Indosuez will bid for all of Morgan Grenfell when its year is up. If it does, the operation would be one of the largest foreign purchases of a U.K merchant bank. It would catapult Indosuez from the position of a marginal London player, with strong Asian and Middle Eastern activities, to the upper levels of the U.K. merchant banking scene. It is part of Indosuez's overall plan of building its business across Europe, as the 1992 reduction of European Community market barriers looms.  :: VPE
Only nine ESP contracts traded on the Big Board -- equivalent to about one million shares of stock, with a value of about $ 45 million. "It was a slow start, but we expected it would be," said Big Board President Richard Grasso. "We were generally pleased with the way the systems acted."  :: VPE
"We haven't decided to blacklist any firms. But there's a chance we might," said David Wilson, head of Penn Mutual's $ 100 million stock portfolio. "We are very upset about what has happened to the stock market. Program trading is almost like sitting on a calm beach and have a tidal wave hit you."  :: VPE
Goldman, which doesn't do index arbitrage for itself but does for customers, is concerned about the fallout. "Our corporate, institutional and individual clients are concerned about what they perceive to be excessive volatility," said Robert E. Mnuchin, senior partner in charge of Goldman's equity trading. "We share their concern. Consequently, we will recommend { to regulators } significant curbs on electronic access for waves of stocks which add volatility to the markets." He declined to comment further.  :: VPE
Though jolted by the surrounding confusion, Mrs. Thatcher emerged in undisputed command of her government's economic program. Neil Kinnock, Labor Party leader, dubbed the 46-year-old Mr. Major a "lap dog " unlikely to veer from his boss's strongly held views, as Mr. Lawson sometimes did.  :: VPE
Worn down by the feud, he then made it clear to Mrs. Thatcher that he expected the controversial adviser to be ousted. In remarks in Commons yesterday afternoon, the prime minister disappointed him. As she has done in the past, she stated her support for Mr. Lawson but insisted on keeping on an adviser who opposed and disparaged his policies.  :: VPE
The shortcomings of delaying the reward, as Sen. Roth and Sen. Robert Packwood ( R., Ore. ) propose, is that it may not boost savings much and, if it does, it may widen deficits in the future. "It looks like you haven't given anything away, but five, 10, 20, 40 years later, little bomblets go off," says Henry Aaron, a Brookings Institution economist.  :: VPE
Republican senators, unwilling to concede the popular IRA issue to Democrats, suddenly embraced a scheme Sen. Roth had been pressing with little success. The Bush administration, which was planning to unveil an IRA proposal of its own next year, was quick to do the same. Both proposals would allow withdrawals not only for retirement, but also for buying a house or paying tuition bills.  :: VPE
"The offer will be sweetened, not because it has to be, but because it will make for a smoother transaction," Mr. Thorp said. "Dow Jones could bludgeon its way through the process and get it for less, but they won't do that. Dow Jones is not going to squeeze as hard as it could."  :: VPE
"The offer will be sweetened, not because it has to be, but because it will make for a smoother transaction," Mr. Thorp said. "Dow Jones could bludgeon its way through the process and get it for less, but they won't do that. Dow Jones is not going to squeeze as hard as it could."  :: VPE
Not all the scandal-tripped have enjoyed soft landings. But many have. "These people bounce back more resiliently than regular people," says Washington writer Suzanne Garment, who is working on a history of post-Watergate scandal.  :: VPE
"He's as busy as he was as speaker," reports Mr. Wright's administrative aide, Larry Shannon.  :: VPE
If the political establishment is reluctant to forgive sexual misadventures, the private sector sometimes will. John Tower was accused of womanizing and boozing during his unsuccessful bid to win confirmation as secretary of defense earlier this year. Now he is writing a book, serving on an elite foreign policy advisory board and consulting for an array of corporate clients, including British publishing mogul Robert Maxwell.  :: VPE
The designation at July's economic summit of major industrialized nations of the EC Commission as coordinator of Western aid to Poland and Hungary was a first step. In part, this division is dictated by economics : West Germany is a net exporter of capital while the U.S. isn't. While American aid efforts have been limited by budget problems, yesterday France announced a three-year, four billion French franc ( $ 650 million ) aid plan for Poland.  :: VPE
"I transmitted my conversations to the White House," Prof. Lee says. But, he adds, "I was not acting as a messenger." He says that the Chinese never asked him to convey their statements to President Bush, but that the White House spontaneously invited him to do so. Mr. Lee concedes the statements made to him are far different from others being issued in China, but attributes that to the fact that the situation in China is " complex."  :: VPE
But under current rules, they are allowed to change just 200 rubles into dollars and other currencies for each trip. At the new rate, that would give them about $ 30 to travel on. It isn't yet clear whether the 200-ruble limit will be lifted. If it isn't, the black market for dollars probably will continue to thrive.  :: VPE
In recent weeks, moreover, Mr. Brady has joined other administration officials in trying to urge the Fed toward lower interest rates. The urging admittedly has been gentle. In an interview with the Washington Post in early October, the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is, while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth.  :: VPE
All of which has enabled those of us in Washington who enjoy wallowing in such things to go into high public dudgeon, as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC's " Nightline. " away, we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow, but at the end of the affair, there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target. As one of his defenders so aptly put it, President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election ( and some would say thereafter as well ). He was performing for pay, and why should anyone expect anything more ?  :: VPE
To the rest of us, the case is a puzzle. It is what lawyers call "fact intensive." It presents no great issue of legal principle, no overriding question of family law or the law of contempt. Instead, it turns on the disputed and elusive facts of "who did what to whom." It is difficult, if not impossible, for anyone who has not pored over the thousands of pages of court pleadings and transcripts to have a worthwhile opinion on the underlying merits of the controversy. Certainly I do not.  :: VPE
The first is that it represents an intense battle in what James Thurber used to caricature as "the war between the sexes." But although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly, many of Dr. Morgan's supporters have taken Thurber's memorable title "The Male Animal " quite literally. The vehemence of the emotions aroused by the case testifies to its symbolic importance in the war that Thurber accepted as an eternal part of the human condition.  :: VPE
Finally, the case of Dr. Morgan gave Congress an opportunity to act with unaccustomed decisiveness and to engage in one of its favorite pastimes -- bashing the District of Columbia government. The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons, and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do. Bashing the D.C. government is risk-free for members of Congress, who do not have to answer to their own constituents for it.  :: VPE
 some at the SEC, an agency that covets its independence, Mr. Breeden may be too much of a Washington insider. They note that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush, one of them featuring the First Dog, Millie. They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House. But Mr. Breeden already has shown an eagerness to run the SEC his way. During the Monday market rebound, a New York exchange spokesman told Cable News Network viewers that the industrial average had turned down 70 points. Stunned, Mr. Breeden turned to his market-monitoring computer, which by then was next to his desk. It showed the DJIA up 30 points.  :: VPE
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the Fed can wipe out inflation without causing a recession, but he said doing so will inflict some short-term pain and will require reducing the federal deficit sharply.  :: VPE
-- Allow the EPA to permit the continued use of pesticides that exceed its negligible risk standard if the benefits of doing so outweigh the cost.  :: VPE
As the session broke up, I was approached by a man who identified himself as the alumni director of a Big Ten university. "I'd love to see sports cut back, and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools, but everybody's afraid to make the first move," he confided. "It's like the U.S. and the Russians : Nobody wants to disarm first."  :: VPE
Still, the book produces more smoke than a smoldering sofa, along with a few flames, especially concerning the use of steroids. Dean Steinkuhler, a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman, confesses that he used'em, and says other Huskers did too. It's a mystery how this could have escaped the notice of Nebraska coaches. Probably, it didn't.  :: VPE
National Convenience said it has tested its new merchandise mix in 100 stores, with favorable results. Analysts said the company's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores, allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that aren't.  :: VPE
Linda and Michael ( Ms. Close and Mr. Woods ), who seem to be pushing 40, live in a large and tastefully decorated home in suburban Seattle. All of their friends have children and they can't, so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment. The idea of a child-as-required-yuppie-possession must be motivating them, since the wealthy offspring of their friends are shown to be rude brats, in therapy by age five.  :: VPE
So why does Renaissance's computer like stocks with the Dow at 2653.28, where it closed yesterday, when it didn't with the Dow at 2200 ?  :: VPE
The Soviet Union should keep these lessons in mind as it seeks to establish the ruble as an international currency. One way to make the ruble into a major international currency would be to leave reserves of gold and earning assets in a Swiss bank with distributions based on Swiss laws. Unless the laws determining the noteholder's rights to payment are independent of the issuer of those notes, however, a gold-based ruble would be as unsuccessful for the Soviets as it was for the czars. Christopher R. Petruzzi  :: VPE
The junk-mail titans, ever optimistic, are looking for ways around the problem. So far, they say, it hasn't had any noticeable effect on response rates. And before it does, they're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place. Among other things, the industry is trying to come up with standardized business lists that cut down on duplications. "We're going to have to mail a lot less and a lot smarter," says Jack Miller, president of Quill Corp., a Lincolnshire, Ill., business-to-business mail-order company. But then again, mailing less and smarter won't be much help if the mail ends up in the garbage anyway.  :: VPE
In 1986, some institute patients were reporting breakthrough seizures when they were switched from a specific brand-name medication to a generic one or from one generic manufacturer of a specific product to another. In addition, neurologists were beginning to report these observations as well. Call it anecdotal if you will. But no ethical physician would switch patients who were doing well on a specific medication from a specific manufacturer to prove a point.  :: VPE
"Traffic is certainly a concern, as is pollution, water and an adequate labor market," says Frank Sain, executive director of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau. City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth, such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44 % of Las Vegas tourists who fly here. This year, by one means of transport or another, more than 18 million people will visit the city.  :: VPE
Will the investments pay off ? The growth of Las Vegas tourism in recent years persuades lenders that they will. Casino revenues and hotel occupancy rates are high. Last year, the tourists left $ 3 billion with the area's casinos, nearly 10 % more than in 1987. The people with a stake in Nevada's gambling industry believe that they have barely tapped the potentially huge family trade.  :: VPE
There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan. The former $ 3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics. "I feel better than I ever have in my life," he says.  :: VPE
The dividend increase was Du Pont's second this year, an affirmation of statements by top executives that they intend to increase rewards to shareholders. "We haven't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to," said Edgar Woolard Jr., Du Pont's chairman and chief executive officer, in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April.  :: VPE
The Morgan case thus tells us much more about the current state of sex, class, race and politics in our society than it does about the facts of Dr. Morgan's particular situation. It may stand as a metaphor for how wide and deep the divisions in that society continue to be however we try to deny their existence.  :: VPE
The Bank of England, on the other hand, had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency, and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world. The most likely reason for this disparity is that the Bank of England was a private bank with substantial earning assets, and the common-law rights of creditors to collect claims against the bank were well established in Britain. By contrast, in 19th-century Russia an authoritarian government owned the bank and had the power to revoke payment whenever it chose, much as it would in today's Soviet Union.  :: VPE
Morgan Stanley and Kidder Peabody, the two biggest program trading firms, staunchly defend their strategies. "We continue to believe the position we've taken is reasonable," a Morgan Stanley official said. "We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress, and we have recently," he said, citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week. Michael Carpenter, president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody, said in a recent interview, "We don't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole."  :: VPE
Howard Bloom, president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc., says : "It's big time chaos today. I'm going to ship and hope I get paid. If I need to ask for money up front later, I will."  :: VPE
Carol Sanger, vice president, corporate communications at Campeau, says that all of the Federated and Allied chains are paying their bills in a timely manner. "They continue to pay their bills and will do so," says Ms. Sanger. "We're confident we'll be paying our bills for spring merchandise as well."  :: VPE
X-rays have problems, too. They can make the masks brittle and can pass through material they're not supposed to. But, assuming those problems can be overcome, they should allow for memory chips that could approach one billion bits of information -- 250 times as much as is contained in the four-megabit chips that are just reaching the market and a million times what was possible in the mid-1970s.  :: VPE
Even though the Big Board says its product represents a post-crash "reform," some traders suggest that if the new basket had been trading during this month's Friday the 13th market plunge, the Dow Jones Industrial Average might have dropped more than the 190 points it did.  :: VPE
Attorneys involved in the talks said that the parties were closer to accord than they were a year ago, when reports of an imminent agreement circulated. One individual said the shareholders' accord was " worked out."  :: VPE
Nervousness that the market hasn't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace, as did anticipation of a report on the economy's third-quarter performance.  :: VPE
Fed Chairman Greenspan said the central bank can wipe out inflation without causing a recession, but doing so will inflict short-term pain.  :: VPE
The prospectus notes "there can be no assurance " that future growth will continue at past levels. In the recent past, bond buyers didn't seek such assurance. Now, apparently, they do.  :: VPE
While rights fees head skyward, ad rates won't. Advertisers already are balking at higher prices. "The networks are paying too much for rights," warns adman Paul Isacsson of Young & Rubicam. " they ask advertisers to absorb the costs, they're likely to lose all but a few who need sports, above all."  :: VPE
Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do, they won't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up. " we've seen in the'80s," says Roger Werner, the president of the ESPN sports channel, "those deals can turn sour if the numbers don't work. And three years later, in a sea of red ink, the heroes can find themselves with a lot of explaining to do."  :: VPE
"Our competitors say we overbid them. Who cares ? Maybe we recognize values the other guys don't," Mr. Pilson says.  :: VPE
"I've been struggling against that for years," says Jonathan Rodgers, who runs WBBM-TV, the CBS-owned station in Chicago. Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS -- and he doesn't think it will -- "I'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC," he says.  :: VPE
The burning question is whether the new chief can parry Mr. Icahn without being pushed into unwelcome moves. Mr. Corry might have to dismember the company more than he wants to. Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn's stock, possibly at a premium, or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn's pressure.  :: VPE
With his recent purchases of USX common stock, Mr. Icahn shattered a three-year-old, unwritten standstill agreement with Mr. Roderick. In 1986, Mr. Roderick adroitly dodged Mr. Icahn's first bullet after the takeover specialist had built up an 11.4 % stake. Mr. Roderick did so by having USX redeem a series of guaranteed notes, a move that, in effect, raised the cost of a $ 7.19 billion Icahn bid by about $ 3 billion. And he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the interloper. Over dinners at New York's Sky Club and Links Club restaurants, the steel executive and the big investor talked steel, international trade and thoroughbred horses.  :: VPE
The 57-year-old tax attorney never even aspired to the job of chief executive. An undistinguished college student who dabbled in zoology until he concluded that he couldn't stand cutting up frogs, Mr. Corry wanted to work for a big company "that could do big things." But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago, he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46. For years, he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms, wearing a hat to work because everyone else did. "I was never a rebel," he said in an earlier interview. "I don't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they've seen me pound the table or get angry."  :: VPE
"It's part of the capitalistic market system that equity can be bought and equity is bought," he said. USX, he noted, was formed 88 years ago, " in effect buying out a bunch of other companies.... People got rich through takeovers in those days, as they do today."  :: VPE
IBM, Armonk, N.Y., said it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year. The fourth quarter is always IBM's biggest by far, with most sales coming in December as customers seek to use budgets before year end.  :: VPE
Allstate is expected to absorb another big hit in the fourth quarter as claims pour in from the San Francisco earthquake. But a spokesman said the quake won't have as big a financial impact on Allstate as Hurricane Hugo did.  :: VPE
In Houston, we have seen how bad the housing problem can become. Unused houses deteriorate rapidly, affecting the value of nearby homes ; in a domino effect, the entire neighborhood can fall victim. At this stage some people just " away " from homes where the mortgage exceeds current market value. But most of them could have afforded to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so.  :: VPE
A Japanese apple called the Fuji is cropping up in orchards the way Hondas did on U.S. roads. By 1995 it will be planted more often than any other apple tree, according to a recent survey of six apple-industry sages by Washington State University horticulturist Robert Norton. Some fruit visionaries say the Fuji could someday tumble the Red Delicious from the top of America's apple heap.  :: VPE
Mr. Auvil, razor sharp at 83, has picked and packed a zillion pecks of apples over the past 65 years. He is known as the father of the U.S.-grown Granny Smith, a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on. It did, shaking the apple establishment to its roots. Now, even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed. "The Fuji is going to be No. 1 to replace the Red Delicious," he says.  :: VPE
Supermarkets are getting into the variety act, too. They still buy apples mainly for big, red good looks -- that's why so many taste like woodchucks' punching bags. But freshness counts more than it once did, and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional, but tastier, and often pricier, apples. " than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious, maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis," says Chuck Tryon, perishables director for Super Valu Inc., a Minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor.  :: VPE
Instead of proposing a complete elimination of farm subsidies, as the earlier U.S. proposal did, the new package calls for the elimination of only the most tradedistorting ones. Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints, and others with a " minor trade impact " would be allowed to continue under certain conditions.  :: VPE
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable. For the political process to work, all citizens, regardless of race, must feel represented. One essential indicator that they are is that members of minority groups get elected to public office with reasonable frequency. As is, blacks constitute 12 % of the population, but fewer than 2 % of elected leaders. But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal. It is a quick fix for a complex problem.  :: VPE
By not choosing one of these options, Israelis will condemn themselves, as the Maronites did, to perpetual war with the Muslims in their midst, and so to the internal erosion of their state. Unlike the Maronites, Israel's Jews will not let themselves become the weakest force in a system of private armies ; Jerusalem will become Belfast before it becomes Beirut. But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun.  :: VPE
The volatility inherent in program trading troubled other traders, too. They don't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so drastically. Market makers are supposed to keep supplies of stocks on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur. That means that on days when prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will. In such an environment, a market maker can absorb huge losses.  :: VPE
But by the time Solidarity took office in September, the damage was done. "Shortageflation," as economists have come to call it, had gone hyper. The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one. The farmers stayed angry. They still are.  :: VPE
Edward Chojnowski does. His truck is parked across the field, in a row of grain sellers. Like the others, it is loaded with rye, wheat and oats in sacks labeled "Asbestos. Made in U.S.S.R." The farmer at the next truck shouts, "Wheat ! It's nice ! It won't be cheaper ! We sell direct ! " A heavy, kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers, and counts him out a pile of zlotys.  :: VPE
Poland's 2.7 million small private farms cover 76 % of its arable land. On it, a quarter of the country's 39 million people produce three-quarters of its grain, beef, eggs and milk, and nine-tenths of its fruit, vegetables and potatoes. Like the Roman Catholic Church, the Polish peasant is a pillar of the nation. Try as they might, the Communists could neither replace nor break him. And they did try.  :: VPE
The state quit shoving peasants onto its subsidized farms over 30 years ago. But it never did let up on the pressure. Until recently, a farmer with no heir had to will the state his land to collect his pension. The pension's size still depends on how much produce he sells the state. His allotment of materials also did, until the state couldn't hold up its end of that bargain. Yet the state alone sells seeds and machines. When supplies are short, it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain.  :: VPE
The stock market's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors, who quickly bid the dollar lower. But as stock prices recovered some of the early losses, so did the U.S. currency. Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens, the dollar ended down only modestly.  :: VPE
Given the prelude's thematic connections with the music preceding the last act, the idea is more worn than bad, though as luck would have it, for a change there actually was a conductor in the pit whom we wanted to hear, Carlos Kleiber, trying to make memorable music while we all waited for the bed lump to stir into song. Once she did so, the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid, flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging.  :: VPE
Speaking of dark nights, the Met's next-door neighbor, the New York City Opera, has canceled its season after failing to reach a settlement with its musicians, who wanted pay parity with the the Chicago Lyric and San Francisco Opera orchestras. Well, they can now go and audition there. Good luck. Common sense suggests that people who play for a company that charges about half what those houses do for a ticket are not in the same market.  :: VPE
Japan is considering giving aid to Hungary and Poland to support their recent political reforms, a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said. "This is the first time, if we decide to do so, for Japan to extend aid of this kind to Eastern European countries," the spokesman said. He said Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu also is studying the possibility of a visit to the two Eastern bloc nations and to Western Europe next January.  :: VPE
Munching pizza when they could and yelling until their voices gave out, the two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all.  :: VPE
If bluebloods won't pay high prices for racehorses anymore, who will ?  :: VPE
The company said its core businesses have performed well and it expects them to continue to do so in the remainder of the fiscal year.  :: VPE
But with Seaman, KKR was only trying to salvage its original investment, says bankruptcy investor James Rubin of Sass Lamle Rubin in New York. By contrast, KKR probably has already made all the money it can on SCI TV. And people who know Mr. Kravis say he isn't in a hurry to pour more money into SCI TV.  :: VPE
Despite their ubiquity, the consultants aren't entirely welcome. Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen. In the film classic "Twelve Angry Men," the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict. After hours of conflict and debate, that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity. In real life, jurors may not always work that way, but some court observers question why they shouldn't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to.  :: VPE
Despite their ubiquity, the consultants aren't entirely welcome. Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen. In the film classic "Twelve Angry Men," the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict. After hours of conflict and debate, that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity. In real life, jurors may not always work that way, but some court observers question why they shouldn't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to.  :: VPE
Litigation Sciences doesn't make moral distinctions. If a client needs prejudiced jurors, the firm will help find them. As Mr. Vinson explains it, "We don't control the facts. They are what they are. But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ. In our system of advocacy, the trial lawyer is duty bound to present the best case he possibly can."  :: VPE
Some litigators scoff at the notion that a sociologist knows more than they do about what makes a jury tick. "The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation," says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett, who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co. He says he used consultants in the case but " them to be virtually useless."  :: VPE
That's a lot of banishment, as it turns out. CFCs are the primary ingredient in a gas, often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon, which is compressed to liquid form to serve as the cooling agent in refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment. Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane to make the foam used in pillows, upholstery and insulation. Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator, which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber.  :: VPE
Some bourbon makers advertise abroad as they do at home. To promote Jack Daniel's overseas, Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg, Va., and avuncular old men in overalls and hightops.  :: VPE
The quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because truck-parts sales didn't rebound in September from the summer doldrums as they usually do, said Patrick E. Sheridan, analyst with McDonald & Co. Mr. Sheridan, who had been expecting quarter profit of about $ 1.25 a share, says he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $ 5.70 a share, from his previous estimate of $ 6.10.  :: VPE
Why can't we teach our children to read, write and reckon ? It's not that we don't know how to, because we do. It's that we don't want to. And the reason we don't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular, as well as to violate some cherished vested interests. These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment, our media, our politicians, and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them.  :: VPE
Why can't we teach our children to read, write and reckon ? It's not that we don't know how to, because we do. It's that we don't want to. And the reason we don't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular, as well as to violate some cherished vested interests. These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment, our media, our politicians, and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them.  :: VPE
Why can't we teach our children to read, write and reckon ? It's not that we don't know how to, because we do. It's that we don't want to. And the reason we don't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular, as well as to violate some cherished vested interests. These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment, our media, our politicians, and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them.  :: VPE
Why can't we teach our children to read, write and reckon ? It's not that we don't know how to, because we do. It's that we don't want to. And the reason we don't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular, as well as to violate some cherished vested interests. These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment, our media, our politicians, and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them.  :: VPE
But it is unfair to dump on teachers, as distinct from the educational establishment. I know many schoolteachers and, on the whole, they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching. They may not be among the "best and brightest " of their generation -- there are very few such people, by definition. But they need not be to do their jobs well. Yes, we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days. But our education proceeded at the hands of those others, who were merely competent and conscientious. In this sense, a teacher can be compared to one's family doctor. If he were brilliant, he probably would not be a family doctor in the first place. If he is competent and conscientious, he serves us well.  :: VPE
Drexel says it doesn't expect any of its state brokerage licenses will be revoked, and even if some are, its securities business wouldn't be directly hurt. It already has sold its retail, or individual-investor, brokerage network ; securities firms don't need brokerage licenses for non-retail activities such as investment banking.  :: VPE
Particularly touchy are the cases of New York, which is Drexel's base, and California, the base of Drexel's highly profitable junk-bond operation that led to the firm's legal difficulties. Neither state has settled, and officials in the two states won't discuss their reasons for not doing so. But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked, according to state officials.  :: VPE
Ms. Bryant, the head of the state securities group, said Drexel has done a better job of settling with the states than E.F. Hutton did after its guilty plea to a massive check-kiting scheme several years ago. Still, she said, Drexel's trouble with some states isn't a bad thing.  :: VPE
The letter, dated last Thursday, cited the losses at Valley National, and at United Bank, also of Phoenix, where Mr. Simmons was chairman for 29 years. Both banks have been battered, as have other Arizona banks, by falling real estate prices. Valley National, for example, had $ 470 million in problem assets as of June.  :: VPE
A former executive agreed that the departures don't reflect major problems, adding : " you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did, it is going to have people coming and going."  :: VPE
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales, McDonald's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months, with sales per company-operated unit rising $20,000. One analyst noted that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees, thus aiding promotional efforts.  :: VPE
On average in the latest nine months, company-operated units in the U.S. had $90,552 more in sales than did franchised outlets. There are more than three times as many franchised domestic outlets as there are company stores.  :: VPE
Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe. Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany's, and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average. Since 1978, average annual growth rates for most pollutants have outstripped the growth of GNP.  :: VPE
Ronald Kirk, president, says Lloyd's has suffered because its structure doesn't allow underwriters to deal directly with clients ; brokers are required intermediaries. Thus, he asserts, Lloyd's can't react quickly to competition. "Lloyd's has lost control of the situation," he says. "They aren't controlling their destiny like they used to."  :: VPE
That contract was tied to the success of the buy-out. As a "good-will measure," the pilots had been working four extra hours a month and had agreed to fly UAL's two new Boeing 747-400 aircraft. It's uncertain if the pilots will continue to do so without a contract settlement.  :: VPE
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega. When they did, his commanders didn't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads. The executive branch bears the first responsibility for timidity. But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ?  :: VPE
Mr. Roman's departure isn't expected to have any enormous repercussions at Ogilvy. American Express, Kraft General Foods, and Mattel executives said the move won't affect their relationships with the ad agency. "General Foods's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies' work, and will continue to be," said David Hurwitt, a vice president of Kraft General Foods.  :: VPE
One devoted fan who fell under Baker's spell in 1963 and began collecting Baker memorabilia was Bryan Hammond. In "Josephine Baker " ( Jonathan Cape, 304 pages, $ 35 ), which was published in Britain last year and distributed in the U.S. this month, Mr. Hammond has used his collection to produce an album of photographs and drawings of the star. The text by PatrickO'Connor is a tough read, but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker "The most sensational woman anybody ever saw. Or ever will."  :: VPE
They didn't. Their visa came in relatively short order, and they moved to Los Angeles. Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field, but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English. "That's always looking back," she said. "I wanted to be in business." On the way to that goal, she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry, attended secretarial school, then went to work for a fund-raising organization. Soon she was running the office.  :: VPE
In the third quarter, for example, junk bonds -- those with less than an investment-grade rating -- showed negative returns, the only major sector of the bond market to do so. Since the end of last year, junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds, including ultra-safe Treasury securities.  :: VPE
Still, the list of troubled Drexel bond offerings dwarfs that of any firm on Wall Street, as does its successful offerings. Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International, Braniff, Integrated Resources, SCI TV, Gillette Holdings, Western Electric and Southmark.  :: VPE
"Helen Boehm has a way with names," says James Revson, a gossip columnist for Newsday ( and son of Joseph Revson, a founder of Revlon ). Like which are droppable and which are not.  :: VPE
Currently writing his memoirs, Mr. Churchill, an artist, tells how tycoons such as the late Jean Paul Getty, the oil billionnaire, were, in fact, known only by one initial, their last. " you're at the club, you ask whether they've spoken to` G.' Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean. But no one else does. Now that's name-dropping, if you know what I mean." :: VPE
Which cars do Americans favor most these days ? It's hard to generalize, but age seems to be the best predictor. Adults under age 30 like sports cars, luxury cars, convertibles and imports far more than their elders do. Three of every 10 buyers under 30 would prefer to buy a sports car, compared with just 16 % of adults 30 and over, according to the Journal survey.  :: VPE
Thieves are going to find "anybody who has enough bucks to plant these things in their front yard," says William Morrissey, an investigator with the police department in Garden Grove, Calif., where five such thefts have been reported in the past several weeks. The department is advising residents to plant Sagos, if they must, in the back yard and telling nurseries to be on the lookout for anyone trying to palm one off.  :: VPE
To many Japanese, pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory. Garish neon pachinko marquees blaze from the main streets and narrow alleys of cities and towns across the country. Devotees pass hours, watching the lights blink and listening to the metal balls ping, as much to gamble as to get a little time to be anonymous, alone with their thoughts. At 500 yen ( $ 3.60 ) for a handful of balls, pachinko is a common pastime, and has been since it took root as cheap entertainment in the years after World War II.  :: VPE
Many Japanese think it only natural that the organizations or their members would donate to politicians, the way many Japanese do, to win favor or support.  :: VPE
China might stave off a crisis if it acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline, when Beijing slammed the brakes on foreign-exchange spending and devalued the currency. But this time, China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4.  :: VPE
There's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase. Tiger itself was founded by a band of gungho airmen who had airlifted supplies " the Hump " from India to China during World War II. In the early 1970s, Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations. But from early on, Tiger's workers unionized, while Federal's never have.  :: VPE
President Bush's national security adviser, Lt. Gen. Brent Scowcroft, came into office in January intent on making the NSC staff leaner and more disciplined than it had been during the Reagan administration. Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission, which investigated the Iran-Contra affair. He was all too aware of how a large, inadequately supervised NSC staff had spun out of control and nearly wrecked President Reagan's second term.  :: VPE
Gen. Scowcroft knows as well as anyone that one of the biggest dangers he faces is that NSC staffers working in relative anonymity will take over policy-making and operational tasks that are best left to bigger and more experienced State Department and Pentagon bureaus. But just as every previous NSC adviser has, Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained.  :: VPE
Mr. Jones has also beefed up his marketing staff to sell the 118 luxury suites topping Texas Stadium ( his deal with Bum Bright included operating rights for the stadium ). The suites are air-conditioned, have wet bars and plush seating, and offer a clear view of the field -- all for a sale price of $475,000 to $ 1 million, depending on their size and location. Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players, and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider's look at the team's strategy before game time. The sales job seems to be paying off : When he bought the team, only six of the suites had been sold. Today, 30 have.  :: VPE
" I made this investment, I made it on a lifetime basis," he explains. "I'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on. While the Cowboys may not be the best investment now, I don't accept they can't be in the future."  :: VPE
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has. "It's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs," said Chairman James Sasser ( D., Tenn. ) of the Senate Budget Committee, who said he would oppose the request. "That isn't consistent with the kind of discipline that Gramm-Rudman is supposed to impose," he said.  :: VPE
"The sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before," says Rod Eddington, Cathay's commercial director.  :: VPE
-- Saturday morning, a resident was given 15 minutes to scurry into a sagging building and reclaim what she could of her life's possessions. Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city's four-star restaurants.  :: VPE
Out on the streets, some residents of badly damaged buildings were allowed a 15-minute scavenger hunt through their possessions. "It's so weird to have to decide what's really important to you," said Barbara May. She went first for personal mementos. In post-earthquake parlance, her building is a "red." After being inspected, buildings with substantial damage were color-coded. Green allowed residents to re-enter ; yellow allowed limited access ; red allowed residents one last entry to gather everything they could within 15 minutes.  :: VPE
Three International Cash Portfolios funds, which invest almost exclusively in bonds and money-market instruments overseas, were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week. Because the funds' investments are denominated in foreign currencies, their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar. But when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies, as it did for much of this year, the dollar value of these funds declines. All three funds posted negative returns for the year to date.  :: VPE
Comsat Video is headed by Robert Wussler, who resigned his No. 2 executive post with Turner Broadcasting System Inc. just two weeks ago to take the Comsat position. Comsat Video, which distributes pay-per-view programs to hotel rooms, plans to add Nuggets games to their offerings, as Mr. Turner did successfully with his Atlanta Hawks and Braves sports teams. Messrs. Lee and Bynoe will manage the Nuggets' day-today affairs.  :: VPE
The new technologies are intended to retire the cathode-ray tube, which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional TV set. Replacing the cathode-ray tube with a large, thin screen is the key to the creation of a high-definition television, or HDTV, which is expected to become a $ 30 billion business world-wide within a decade. Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business, such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment. But except for Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp., which is collaborating with Toshiba on computer displays, they are poorly positioned to exploit advances in large panels. General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France. "We found the market not developing as we thought it would," a GE spokesman says.  :: VPE
Thus far, almost all of the basic technology relating to high-definition television has come from U.S. laboratories. But Peter Brody, Magnascreen's president, says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use, just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording.  :: VPE
And they will again, say money-manager proponents of the growth-stock theme. Cabanne Smith, president of a money management company bearing his name, predicts that investment companies using computers to identify companies with earnings "momentum " will climb on the growth-stock bandwagon as the overall corporate earnings outlook deteriorates further. He also thinks foreign investors, who are showing signs of more discriminate investing, will join the pursuit and pump up prices.  :: VPE
Big cyclical companies are using "all the tricks they can to stabilize earnings," says Mr. Sloan. He cites IBM, which reported a 30 % earnings decline in the third quarter, and which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares.  :: VPE
The arbs may recoup some of their paper losses if the UAL deal gets patched up again, as they did in 1982 when Occidental Petroleum Co. rescued them with a $ 4 billion takeover of Cities Service.  :: VPE
So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover, and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event.  :: VPE
Fortunately, there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out. David Hubel, a Nobel laureate at Harvard, has taken the lead in defending research with animals, as has Dr. Michael DeBakey. NASA defended itself vigorously and successfully against a Rifkin suit to block the Galileo launch.  :: VPE
We badly need to follow fact rather than the rhetoric of conventional wisdom. Without this basic level of attention to reality, our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years. From my own point of view, given the qualities of humanity, creativity and warm spirit in which the Cuban people excel, we deny ourselves access to things we hold dear, and which seem to run in such short supply these days. There is no rational justification for such behavior.  :: VPE
What this all means in shorthand is that Soviet dominance in Ethiopia is collapsing as fast as President Barre's regime in Somalia is. The U.S., therefore, has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa.  :: VPE
Under that approach, countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in OPEC's production ceiling than they would under the current system. " you are already producing at 95 % or 100 % of your capacity, what's the good to be told you can produce at 105 % of capacity ? " asked Mr. Al-Chalabi.  :: VPE
" of our competitors are announcing products based on our ( older ) products," said Finis Conner, chief executive officer and founder of the firm that bears his name. "We continue to develop products faster than anyone else can." These new products could account for as much as 35 % of the company's business in 1990, Mr. Conner estimated. "We're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition," he said.  :: VPE
"Shippers are saying` the party's over,' " said Mr. LaLonde. "Shippers won't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years. Transport rates won't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy."  :: VPE
Truckers are " to send signals that they need to stop the bloodletting, forget about market share and go for higher rates," said Michael Lloyd, an analyst at Salomon Bros. And "shippers are getting the feeling that they have played one trucker off against another as much as they can," he said.  :: VPE
The FDA requested the recall of Quantum's mioxidil tablets, chlorazepate dipotassium tablets and meclofenamate sodium capsules because, it said, the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain FDA approval was in each case misrepresented as much larger than it actually was.  :: VPE
Barbara Donovan, an expert on East Germany at Radio Free Europe in Munich, says Mr. Krenz may project a smooth image, but she doubts he's a true reformer. Even if he is, she adds, he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party's ruling Politburo.  :: VPE
And Mr. Jackson probably has opened new checking accounts, too. Or at least he should. "I assume those accounts are closed," says Mr. Smalling, referring to the accounts of the canceled checks. "I don't think he'd want to give out his current account numbers." :: VPE
One-Cancels-The-Other Order : This is really two orders in one, generally for the same security or commodity, instructing floor brokers to fill whichever order they can first and then cancel the other order. In a fast-moving market, it prevents an investor from getting stuck with having made two trades on the same security.  :: VPE
But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself. For instance, some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market. And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past.  :: VPE
With this personal strategy firmly in place, I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage. My kids' college education looms as perhaps the greatest future opportunity for spending, although I'll probably have to cash in their toy portfolio to take advantage of it. But with every step I take, I'm building wealth. You can, too, if you, like me, refuse to bite the bullet. So go out there and eat that debt. You're right there in the mainstream of American business, building value on the back of insupportable expenditures. Henry Kravis, watch out !  :: VPE
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners. Nobody can estimate the toll, but John Gargan, a Tampa, Fla., planner and head of one trade group, the International Association of Registered Financial Planners, thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is "humongous," far greater than that from crookery. His group, like others, wants minimum standards applied to all who call themselves financial planners.  :: VPE
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true, it probably is. Certificates of deposit don't pay 23 % a year, for example, but that didn't give pause to clients of one Alabama planner. Now they're losers and he's in jail in Mobile County. CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing "bank " in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too.  :: VPE
It never hurt anyone, that is, unless the growth funds don't grow when you need them to. Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid's tuition. That's the dilemma for today's parent. Although many experts are advising risk, no one has a good answer for you if the risk doesn't pay off.  :: VPE
The issue here may be the soundness of the guarantee. Prepayments, much like mutual-fund purchases, are pooled for investment. Sponsors are naturally counting on their ability to keep ahead of tuition inflation with investment returns. But buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record -- and some have been encouraged to borrow to do so.  :: VPE
The number of misclassified workers may be in the millions, mostly paid by small firms. Many workers, especially professionals, want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees can't. But many others, who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation, become tipsters for the IRS, says Jerry Lackey, who manages the IRS project's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando. Firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that aren't, he says.  :: VPE
The number of misclassified workers may be in the millions, mostly paid by small firms. Many workers, especially professionals, want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees can't. But many others, who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation, become tipsters for the IRS, says Jerry Lackey, who manages the IRS project's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando. Firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that aren't, he says.  :: VPE
Revenue-short states also are becoming more aggressive pursuers of tax delinquents, and perhaps none tracks them down with more relish than does New York since it acquired an $ 80 million computer system in 1985. The state's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the IRS, 24 other states, and two Canadian provinces, and even from phonebook Yellow Pages. Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer, they single out high-income groups, looking primarily for people who haven't filed New York income-tax returns.  :: VPE
One of the plan's authors has defended the "socioeconomic disadvantage " category as perhaps making more sense than the current affirmative-action preferences based on race. Perhaps it does. But the new category does not replace or reduce Berkeley's broad racial preferences. Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action "target " for their group.  :: VPE
While the promises of big profits ought to set off warning bells, they often don't, in part because get-rich-quick tales have become embedded in American folklore.  :: VPE
Amex said it would charge me $ 576 a year for $100,000 of coverage -- and would pay me back all the premiums I put in if I canceled the policy after 10 years. Sounds great -- or does it ?  :: VPE
Third and most important, Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; I'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile. That would be all right with Amex, which could then lock in its investment profit, but it doesn't add up to a "smart money " move for me.  :: VPE
Congress closed this loophole last year, or thought it did. However, Monarch Capital Corp. of Springfield, Mass., has developed a "combination plan " of annuity and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences. But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small.  :: VPE
Companies "n't comfortable playing these games, but they realize they're under pressure to make their policies look good," says Timothy Pfiefer, an actuarial consultant at Tillinghast, a unit of Towers Perrin Co., the big New York consulting firm. Another factor to consider : Some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds, and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately.  :: VPE
An Olivetti spokesman said the company's factories are already beginning to produce the machine, and that it should be available in Europe by December. "What this means is that Europeans will have these machines in their offices before Americans do," the spokesman said.  :: VPE
Things were supposed to change when Vietnam's economic reforms gathered pace, and for awhile they did. After years of experimenting, Mr. Chan produced a heavy-duty bicycle tire that outlasted its state-produced rival. By 1982, he was selling thousands of tires. Newspapers published articles about him, and he was hailed as "the tire king." His efforts earned a gold medal at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities.  :: VPE
"This is one where I cross party lines," she says, rejecting the anti-abortion stance of Rep. Florio's opponent, Reagan-Republican Rep. James Courter. "People my age thought it wasn't going to be an issue. Now it has -- especially for people my age."  :: VPE
Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps, Mr. Courter actively courts minority voters but seems oddly over his head. He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park. Yet minutes after promising to appoint Hispanics to high posts in state government, he is unable to say whether he has ever employed any in his congressional office. "I don't think we do now," he says. "I think we did."  :: VPE
Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps, Mr. Courter actively courts minority voters but seems oddly over his head. He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park. Yet minutes after promising to appoint Hispanics to high posts in state government, he is unable to say whether he has ever employed any in his congressional office. "I don't think we do now," he says. "I think we did."  :: VPE
Because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 6.5 % last month, many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too. As a result, many economists were expecting the consumer price index to increase significantly more than it did.  :: VPE
They didn't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled, and they didn't play it on Wednesday or Thursday either. But you knew that, didn't you ?  :: VPE
Here in the Global Village, though, folks do not stay uninformed for long. Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park, but battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful. Within a few minutes, the true extent of the catastrophe was becoming clear. Its Richter Scale measurement was reported as 6.5, then 6.9, then 7.0. A section of the Bay Bridge had collapsed, as had a part of Interstate Highway 880 in Oakland. People had died.  :: VPE
NOW YOU SEE IT, now you don't.  :: VPE
Though he himself doesn't expect a recession soon, Mr. Wyss advises people who do that "the best thing to be in is long that is, 20-year to 30-year Treasury bonds."  :: VPE
Figuring that their money would more likely go toward a bottle of Night Train Express, most people have little trouble saying no to propositions like this. But healthy skepticism vanishes when they are solicited by an organized charity to help fight cancer, famine, child abuse, or what have you. Most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these noble goals. But will it ?  :: VPE
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous, reassuring, and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better, safer or cheaper than they really are. When something undeniably nasty happens, a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear, much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers.  :: VPE
Traditional no-loads made their money by charging an annual management fee, usually a modest one ; they imposed no other fees, and many still don't. In recent years, though, a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 6 % -- when an investor sells his shares. Shouldn't they properly be called exit-load funds ? The mutual-fund industry is debating the question, but don't expect a new name while the old one is working so well.  :: VPE
And don't expect anyone to change the term "blue chip," either, even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were. American Telephone & Telegraph Co., for one, is still a favorite of widows, orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side, it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture.  :: VPE
Mr. Daly in his affidavit acknowledges that Warner agreed to release the producers last year to take over MGM but says that situation was altogether different. For one thing, according to Mr. Daly, the producers requested a release in advance. Moreover, the old contract was about to expire, and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner wasn't as strong as it is now. Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights, and it was " Warner's interest to accommodate MGM\, Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives," Mr. Daly said in his affidavit.  :: VPE
Evaluating asset-backed securities poses another problem. Investors, for instance, may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities. It isn't.  :: VPE
So, is the tax code now open game again ? Mr. Juliano thinks so. One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School. "I'm too old to waste a weekend, but that's what I did," the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans. "These days, anything can happen." :: VPE
Now Robert Parker, author of several best sellers featuring Spenser, a contemporary private eye in the Marlowe mold, has with the blessings of the Chandler estate been hired to complete "The Poodle Springs Story." The result, "Poodle Springs " ( Putnam's, 288 pages, $ 18.95 ) is an entertaining, easy to read and fairly graceful extension of the Marlowe chronicle, full of hard-boiled wisecracks and California color. If it does not quite have Chandler's special magic -- well, at the end, neither did Chandler.  :: VPE
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America. On Oct. 3, following conversations with Secretary of State James Baker, Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze arrived in Managua to acclaim "Nicaragua's great peace efforts." There, Mr. Shevardnadze felt legitimized to unveil his own peace plan : The U.S.S.R. would prolong a suspension of arms shipments to Nicaragua after the February election if the U.S. did likewise with its allies in Central America. He also called on Nicaragua's neighbors to accept a "military equilibrium " guaranteed by both superpowers. The Pentagon claims that in spite of Moscow's words, East bloc weapons continue to flow into Nicaragua through Cuba at near-record levels.  :: VPE
Pinpoint Information Corp., Chantilly, Va., a producer of $1,800-a-year personalized newsletters about the computer industry that started full operation last month, relies on 12 human readers to code news releases by topic in order to select items for each subscriber. "The computers find all the key words they can, but the editors confirm every one. Computer picking isn't perfect," says Harvey Golomb, president and founder of Pinpoint. The humans also write abstracts of articles from some 200 computer industry publications.  :: VPE
But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly. " I can show signs of maturity, almost anybody can," he jokes.  :: VPE
"We feel we are doing everything we can," an Occidental spokesman says.  :: VPE
While this theory is exceedingly simple, it appears to explain several things. First, why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century : Prior to the election of Franklin Roosevelt as president and the advent of the New Deal, government occupied a much smaller role in society and the prisoner's dilemma problem confronting voters in races for Congress was considerably less severe.  :: VPE
Second, it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives : Any individual legislator's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency.  :: VPE
Today a President can still send up spending rescissions, but they're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind. This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens, and naturally rescissions are almost never approved. In 1987, President Reagan sent 73 rescissions back to the Hill, but only 3 % of the spending total was approved by Congress. Senator Coats's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless Congress acts. The Members could still try to serve their constituents with special-interest goodies, but the police ( in the form of a President ) would be there with a straitjacket if they really get crazy, as they do now.  :: VPE
A program called Notes, which is under development by Lotus, also is designed to sort E-mail sent within work groups. One thing that makes E-mail difficult to sift through is that each item looks the same. Notes, which is designed for advanced computers that display graphics, allows mail senders to put different logos on their mail. A daily news briefing from the company librarian, for example, would have a distinctive format on the screen, just as a paper version would have.  :: VPE
The reason is simple, Mr. Wyss says : "Interest rates almost always decline during recession." As surely as a seesaw tilts, falling interest rates force up the price of previously issued bonds. They are worth more because they pay higher interest than newly issued bonds do.  :: VPE
Mr. Peters, on the other hand, has fewer fans in Hollywood, and his detractors like to characterize him as something of a hot-tempered bully. He gets better reviews as a creative whiz, an enthusiast, an idea man. He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did. Barbra Streisand made him famous. He cut her hair. He lived with her. He came to produce her records and her movies -- "A Star Is Born " and "The Main Event."  :: VPE
As we know, voters tend to favor Republicans more in races for president than in those for Congress. In every presidential election over the past half century, except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy, the GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for Congress. Prior to 1932, the pattern was nearly the opposite.  :: VPE
Is there any empirical support for this theory ? Three pieces of evidence corroborate the key assumption that Democratic legislators are more willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Republican colleagues. First, economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find that GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do. To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking, this indicates that political philosophy leads congressional Republicans to pay less attention to narrow constituent concerns.  :: VPE
Second, if the key assumption is valid, Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking. This is indeed what the data indicate, particularly in the case of the House. The Democratic House attendance rate has not exceeded the Republican House attendance rate since 1959.  :: VPE
Moreover, ticket splitting appears to take the same peculiar pattern at the state government level as it does at the federal level. State government is more typically split along Republican-governor\ lines than the reverse. A cross-state econometric investigation, furthermore, reveals that, holding other factors constant, the difference between a state's major-party vote going to the Republican gubernatorial candidate and the Republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate.  :: VPE
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist, as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi, as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups. It's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government, but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear. That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge.  :: VPE
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist, as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi, as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups. It's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government, but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear. That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge.  :: VPE
Not exactly sophisticated market research, but who cares as long as the campaigns work. And ad agencies insist that they do. Stan Richards of Richards Group Inc., Dallas, tells of the Texan who saw the agency's tear-jerking commercial for First Gibraltar Bank F.S.B. -- complete with the state's anthem -- and promptly invested $100,000 in the thrift's CDs. Never mind that First Gibraltar is one of the failed Texas thrifts taken over by outsiders -- in this case, an investor group headed by New York financier Ronald Perelman.  :: VPE
Bell Atlantic posted a strong earnings gain for the third quarter, as did Southern New England Telecommunications. But Nynex, Pacific Telesis and U S West had lower profits.  :: VPE
Helmsley's insurance premiums are expected to be transferred to several different insurance brokerage companies. Frank B. Hall Inc. of Briarcliff Manor, N.Y. is reportedly working out an agreement with Helmsley. Officials there declined to comment, as did Helmsley management.  :: VPE
The 650-or-so local whites who aren't Orange Workers are more troubled. Try as they might, they just can't conceive of life without black workers.  :: VPE
It was downhill from there, however. One major factor was the decline of the dollar against the mark, which began less than a year after Merkur's 1985 launch. As the West German currency rose, so did Merkur prices.  :: VPE
In the long, frightening night after Tuesday's devastating earthquake, Bay Area residents searched for comfort and solace wherever they could. Some found it on the screen of a personal computer.  :: VPE
9:53 a.m. PANDA : Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight. Nausea seems a commonplace symptom. Berkeley very quiet right now. I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning. Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple, bundled into a blue sleeping bag, sat up, said, "Good morning " and then the woman smiled, said, "n't it great just to be alive ? " I agreed. It is. Great.  :: VPE
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid, the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction, even without any legal obligation to do so. Roughly one-third of its stock is believed held by takeover stock traders, who could vote to oust the board if they become impatient.  :: VPE
But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed's problem is or, if they do, they rest on an incorrect view. They would not solve the problem ; they would make it worse. The problem is not that the Fed is too unresponsive to the public interest. On the contrary, it is too responsive to an incorrect view of the public interest.  :: VPE
But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000. Bankers Trust uses Digital's VAX to run its huge money-transfer and capital markets accounts, juggling hundreds of billions of dollars each day, he says. As that system grows, larger computers may be needed. " the past, customers had to go to IBM when they outgrew the VAX. Now they don't have to," he says. "That's going to cost IBM revenue."  :: VPE
This bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support. Private-property rights would be upheld because the legislation would not ban coastal development. However, home builders would have to bear the full costs of such beach-house construction.  :: VPE
IF IN VITRO fertilization works, it usually does so after only a few tries.  :: VPE
MARKET MOVES, these managers don't. Only three of the 25 corporate pension fund managers attending a Lowry Consulting Group client conference say they plan to change the asset allocation mix in their portfolios because of the market drop.  :: VPE
As the tough, slinky lounge chanteuse in "The Fabulous Baker Boys," Ms. Pfeiffer sings for herself, and more than passably well. Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do, like she's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she's concentrating on matching that internal tone. Yet her intensity stops and starts with the music. When she isn't performing for an audience, she prepares for a song by removing the wad of gum from her mouth, and indicates that she's finished by sticking the gum back in.  :: VPE
Plump Beau, looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face, plays the older brother, Frank. Frank plans the program, takes care of business, and approaches the work like any other job. He's even able to think of a job that takes him out of the house 300 nights a week as an ordinary job. He's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house, and only near the end of the movie. Frank grovels a little for the bookers, probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation. On his off-hours he wears cardigan sweaters.  :: VPE
Jeff Bridges is the younger brother, Jack, who fancies himself the rebellious artist ; he lives in a loft with his sick dog and the occasional visit from the little girl upstairs, who climbs down the fire escape. Yet Jack's the one who can remember every dive they ever played, and when, and he dutifully shows up for work night after night ( he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute ). Looking leaner than he has in a while, the younger Mr. Bridges's Jack is sexy and cynical and a far sadder case than Frank, who's managed to chisel his dreams to fit reality without feeling too cheated. He can live with little pleasures.  :: VPE
The merged agency's game plan to attract multinational packaged-goods advertisers may prove equally difficult. When WCRS created Della Femina McNamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 1988, it said it did so in order to attract larger clients, especially packaged-goods companies. Since then, Della Femina won Pan Am as an international client and also does work for a few packaged-goods clients, including Dow Chemical Co.'s Saran Wrap.  :: VPE
Brokers around the country say the reaction from individual investors this week has been almost eerie. Customers and potential customers are suddenly complaining about the stock market in the exact way they did in post-crash 1987.  :: VPE
Fireman's Fund had claims adjusters on the streets of San Francisco right after sunrise yesterday and was paying as many claims as it could right on the spot. Fireman's Fund insures37,300 homes and autos and35,000 businesses in the Bay area. In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage, the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service.  :: VPE
A force of younger pro-Gorbachev members in the East German bureaucracy has for some time been pushing for relaxation within their country. The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they didn't.  :: VPE
"I was not pleased with the slow start, and neither was NBC News," said Guy Hempel, general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville, Ky.  :: VPE
This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors, firefighters and other earthquake-trained personnel to aid San Francisco. But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work and those that don't.  :: VPE
Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300. What's more, Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche. "Seventeen is written more for mothers, not their daughters," said Mr. Lang. " Sassy has a different spirit. It gets more mail in a month than McCall's got in a year, and it's not from mothers. I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago." Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications. Lang owns 70 % of Matilda, while Citicorp owns the rest through its Citicorp Venture Capital Partners. Two weeks ago, Citicorp and Mr. Lang pumped $800,000 into Matilda just to keep the doors open.  :: VPE
Today, Mr. Lang believes his magazines will offer what many women's magazines don't. "We write straight for women on their level," he said. "We don't have passive readers." Mr. Lang points out that even Success, in part, fits the company's image, since about 30 % of its readership is female.  :: VPE
When it made the offer, StatesWest declined to disclose details and asked Mesa to do the same. But Farmington, N.M.-based Mesa said the offer was for $ 7 in cash and unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $ 3 a share. Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest, the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 15.3 million. StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa.  :: VPE
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend. He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so.  :: VPE
Though the epicenter of Tuesday's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz, and 50 miles south of San Francisco, its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion. But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways perched upon landfill, as were the Marina District of San Francisco and the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation.  :: VPE
The problem is one that East Germany shares with other half-states, such as North Korea, but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc. When Poland moves to reform, it can at least lean on its past : However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski's interwar republic, it was a nonsocialist democracy. Czech reformers can recall the Wilsonian ideals of the same period in their country. Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover, should it choose to. But East Germany is merely "the land of truly existing socialism." Beyond that, it has to compete with West Germany for a claim to the German identity. Up to now, the main weapon of the "worker and peasant state " has been the ideology of socialism.  :: VPE
SUGAR : Futures prices extended Tuesday's gains. The March delivery ended with an advance of 0.16 cent a pound to 14.27 cents, for a two-day gain of 0.3 cent. According to one dealer, Japan said it has only40,000 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by Cuba under current commitments. The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year, into early next year. The dealer said the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it's meaningless. One analyst said he thought the market continued to be supported to some degree by a delay in the Cuban sugar harvest caused by adverse weather. The dealer said India might be the real factor that is keeping futures prices firm. That country recently bought200,000 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like quantity last week but didn't. "It's known they need the sugar, and the expectation that they will come in is apparently giving the market its principal support," the dealer said.  :: VPE
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did, crumbling as it absorbed the news that Mr. Darman's strategy had been abandoned. The stock market, after all, represents the collective expectations about the value of the future income stream of the nation's capital stock, discounted to present value.  :: VPE
Judge Weinstein also ruled that judges must consider prior to extradition whether the defendant will be treated fairly in a foreign court. To do so, the judge said, the U.S. courts must review the judicial process in the foreign country independently of the State Department's assessment. He said that in this case he concurred with the State Department's decision that Mr. Ahmad should be extradited. Mr. Ahmad's lawyer said he would appeal.  :: VPE
But car-happy Americans panicked, and so did the U.S. and other oil-consuming governments. "Shortage " and "crisis " became buzz words, although neither really applied. The spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion ( much of it in Washington ), though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long lines at the gas pumps.  :: VPE
Also yesterday, Ashok Patel, a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $3,000, was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $150,000 fine. Mr. Patel also was placed on three years' probation. Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April. In July, Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry, as did another former Par official.  :: VPE
That's essentially what budget director Richard Darman is suggesting, and we think he deserves as much support as he can get. If human beings can't cut federal spending honestly -- and they can't -- let the computers do it.  :: VPE
In London, stocks closed lower in volatile trading as an opening rally was obliterated by worse-than-expected U.S. trade figures. Paris shares had a similar reaction, but most other European bourses posted gains, as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets.  :: VPE
Michael Hicks, who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull, said : "It's a nervous market. It was all over the place. If you bought, you wish you hadn't, and if you sold, you wish you hadn't." He said the current market " all about sentiment, and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry." Britain's economic fundamentals, he said, "n't look very bright."  :: VPE
Michael Hicks, who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull, said : "It's a nervous market. It was all over the place. If you bought, you wish you hadn't, and if you sold, you wish you hadn't." He said the current market " all about sentiment, and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry." Britain's economic fundamentals, he said, "n't look very bright."  :: VPE
"The figures today add further evidence to support the view that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has essentially stalled out at a level of about a $ 110 billion annual rate," said Jeffrey Scott, a research fellow at the Institute for International Economics here. "That's still an improvement over last year, but it leads one to conclude that basically we've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit."  :: VPE
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer. Every major maker offers computers with color displays. Next won't comment on when it will do the same, but is believed to have a color model under development.  :: VPE
As the story of "Mastergate " unfolds, we learn that the Internal Revenue Service confiscated one of the properties of a foreign financier who owes the government millions in taxes. The man, it seems, has a Lichtenstein corporation, licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas. He himself lives in a "consecutive series of unnumbered houses in a town in Switzerland." The property seized by the IRS is a Hollywood film studio, Master Pictures Incorporated ( MPI ). Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI, but before it can, a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter, the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency.  :: VPE
How soon Wang will stage a comeback, or if it will at all, are still matters of debate. But Wang salespeople are trying to cope with the biggest challenge any marketer can face : selling the products of a company that is on the ropes.  :: VPE
It can be hard for a salesperson to fight off feelings of discouragement. Brian Petre, a former Wang salesman in upstate New York, says : "You have pride in your job. You think you can go out and turn things around. It's a tough thing when you can't. The reason doesn't relate to your selling skills."  :: VPE
When bank financing for the buy-out collapsed last week, so did UAL's stock. Even if the banks resurrect a financing package at $ 250 a share, the two executives would still get about $ 25 million less than they stood to gain in the initial transaction.  :: VPE
Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty, but they did so falsely. He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier. He became Gen. Torrijos's inseparable shadow, and the holder of all Panama's secrets. Mr. Noriega, by now a lieutenant colonel, expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis, the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking. When U.S. diplomats complained to the CIA of Col. Noriega's moonlighting, intelligence experts always insisted that his allegiance was first to the Americans.  :: VPE
As Mr. Noriega's political troubles grew, so did his offers of assistance to the Contras, an apparent attempt to curry more favor in Washington. For instance, he helped steal the May 1984 Panamanian elections for the ruling party. But just one month later, he also contributed $100,000 to a Contra leader, according to documents released for Oliver North's criminal trial in Washington, D.C.  :: VPE
At a later news conference here, Frank Lorenzo, chairman of Eastern's parent Texas Air Corp., said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year, operating with more service than it originally had scheduled. He insisted, as he has before, that creditors would be paid in full under the plan.  :: VPE
The net interest margin - the difference between the bank's cost of funds and what it receives as interest payments -- improved in the quarter, as did certain areas of wholesale banking.  :: VPE
Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit, which rose sharply in August, according to yesterday's report, has been having less and less impact on the gold market. "The dollar hasn't reacted much to it, so gold hasn't either," he said.  :: VPE
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily. Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did. The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and didn't.  :: VPE
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily. Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did. The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and didn't.  :: VPE
With the February 1987 U.N. accords " to Afghanistan," the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control. The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid. The only fly in the Soviet ointment was the last-minute addition of a unilateral American caveat, that U.S. aid to the resistance would continue as long as Soviet aid to Kabul did. But as soon as the accords were signed, American officials sharply reduced aid. In February 1989, when the Soviets said they had completed their pullout, the U.S. cut it further.  :: VPE
It isn't surprising that President Bush hasn't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI. Though he nominally supports both programs, Mr. Bush hasn't been a passionate champion of either cause, as Mr. Reagan was.  :: VPE
"We want to complain, we want to say something about it, and we're going to as it gets worse," says Rep. Dan Burton, an Indiana Republican who has been a staunch Contra backer. " it's like kicking your father in the pants. You hate to do it because he's your father." Mr. Burton says conservatives' unhappiness with Mr. Bush's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out.  :: VPE
And while the defense secretary is speaking out, President Bush himself hasn't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support, as President Reagan did. The administration also acknowledges that it isn't pursuing Mr. Reagan's original vision of an "impenetrable shield " protecting the whole U.S., but rather a more modest version.  :: VPE
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week, according to Banxquote Money Markets, an information service based here. Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $50,000 than they can on deposits of $90,000 and up.  :: VPE
Some banks actually boosted yields on the shortest term CDs in the latest week. New York's Citibank, for instance, increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 %. On average, however, three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago.  :: VPE
" encouraging massive, routine, voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not," the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report.  :: VPE
"The conventional wisdom used to be that you couldn't modify the immune response of an infected individual " by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins, Dr. Redfield said. "We've demonstrated that you can."  :: VPE
The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications, which have lower margins than do operating systems. But the company said that trend was offset in the first quarter by better economies of scale and efficiencies in manufacturing.  :: VPE
Currently in the middle of a four-week, 20-city tour as a solo pianist, Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers, equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone. He sits down at the piano and plays. And plays. Either one likes it or one doesn't. The typical Glass audience, which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers, certainly does.  :: VPE
Currently in the middle of a four-week, 20-city tour as a solo pianist, Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers, equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone. He sits down at the piano and plays. And plays. Either one likes it or one doesn't. The typical Glass audience, which is more likely to be composed of music students than their teachers, certainly does.  :: VPE
But now, the magazine is attempting to fight back, with an ambitious plan including a revamped sales strategy and a surprisingly aggressive ad campaign. Advertisers don't think of the magazine first, says Joan McCraw, who joined in April as national advertising director. "What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance. People didn't believe we were in tune with the marketplace, and in many ways we weren't."  :: VPE
The magazine had its best year yet in 1988, when it celebrated its centennial and racked up a 17 % gain in ad pages, to 283. But this year, when the hullabaloo surrounding its centennial died, so too did some advertiser interest. The reason, ad executives say, is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market.  :: VPE
Another sticking point for advertisers was National Geographic's tradition of lumping its ads together, usually at the beginning or end of the magazine, rather than spreading ads out among its articles, as most magazines do National Geographic's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers.  :: VPE
By 1982, however, the patent status of the Lanier microcassette had changed, permitting Dictaphone to develop its own competitive micro system, which it did. Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project. But others said pico should proceed. Both were right.  :: VPE
That's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder's ghost. In 1941, Raeder and the German navy threatened to attack the Panama Canal, so we created the Southern Command in Panama. The Southern Command has grown even bigger since the war because Raeder's ghost sometimes runs through the E ring dressed like Gen. Noriega. The Command's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act's six points, Cap Weinberger's seven points, the Intelligence Committee's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support. So far no one has.  :: VPE
What with Halloween coming and bigger defense cuts looming, more and more Pentagon bureaucrats are crawling under their desks. They know that they can hold off the ghosts only a little while longer by cutting carriers and ships. Then the whole thing will start to collapse, just as it did in the 1970s, and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people's hair white. Gives me the willies just thinking about it.  :: VPE
Collectors don't say "It's a van Gogh " anymore, laments Harry Brooks, the president of Wildenstein & Co., a New York gallery. "They say,` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his, so certainly $ 10 million isn't too much for mine.' The great collectors we depended on, such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon, have stopped buying, and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting...." Mr. Payson, an art dealer and collector, sold Vincent van Gogh's "Irises " at a Sotheby's auction in November 1987 to Australian businessman Alan Bond. ( Trouble is, Mr. Bond has yet to pay up, and until he does, Sotheby's has the painting under lock and key. )  :: VPE
Of course, the relative calm could be jolted if the market plunges again. And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash, as some did during Black Monday.  :: VPE
In the wake of Friday's plunge and yesterday's rebound, some companies are already postponing deals, and others wish they could. As in other jittery times, many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals, seeking safety in bigger companies.  :: VPE
Delayed financings also would affect the operations of many companies. Sierra Tucson Cos., a Tucson, Ariz., operator of addiction-treatment centers, has a planned doubling of capacity riding on an IPO scheduled for next week. WilliamO'Donnell, president, says he still thinks the IPO will succeed. If it doesn't, he says, the company would have to change its expansion timetable.  :: VPE
Despite his racial advantage, to be a great butler is a heroic calling ; one's pantry is " unlike general's headquarters during a battle." If, for example, in the midst of a great social occasion ( such as an international conference on revising the Versailles Treaty in 1923 ), one's 72-yearold father, himself a great butler once, should happen to die of a stroke, one must continue to serve the port : " don't think me unduly improper in not ascending to see my father in his deceased condition just at this moment. You see, I know my father would have wished me to carry on just now." It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : " all its sad associations, whenever I recall that evening today, I find I do so with a large sense of triumph." We note the imperial public word used to deny private rage and sorrow. That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent, but funny and sad and enlightening, is entirely the author's triumph.  :: VPE
It turns out Mr. Friend's client, Machelle Parks of Cincinnati, didn't like the way defense attorney Tom Alexander acted during the legal proceedings. So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander's client in return for the right to punch the attorney. Ms. Parks's mother also gets to cuff Mr. Alexander. So does Mr. Friend and his law partner, Nick Nichols.  :: VPE
Mr. Alexander says he regards the agreement, which hasn't been submitted to a judge, as something of a joke. However, he acknowledges they " the option of taking a swat at me if they really want to." Mr. Friend says his side is " serious." Although they don't contemplate delivering any disabling blows, he says that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability, just in case.  :: VPE
When the fiscal year began on Oct. 1, the Office of Management and Budget began withholding 4.3 % of the Pentagon's money and 5.3 % of other agencies' money, as the Gramm-Rudman law requires. Those cuts, known as a " " in budget jargon, became permanent yesterday, although Congress could cancel or rescind them whenever it wants to. Under a special provision of the law, the government yesterday began slicing 2 % from Medicare payments made to doctors and hospitals.  :: VPE
First to suffer from the spending cuts will be programs that spend most of their money on personnel, Mr. Darman said. He wouldn't predict how long it would be before the first layoffs, if any, occur. Under the law, President Bush may exempt military personnel accounts from the spending cuts. He hasn't yet done so. Mr. Darman also said yesterday that although the administration isn't any longer pushing to include a cut in capital-gains taxes as part of the 1990 budget legislation, the odds are 8-to-5 in favor of winning approval for capital gains taxes this year.  :: VPE
Mr. Zycher also criticizes 103's requirement that auto-insurance rates be based primarily on a motorist's safety record and driving habits rather than upon zip code. Proposition 103 does not prohibit any use of territorial rating, but requires insurers to justify it scientifically. So far, they've been unable to do so.  :: VPE
Mr. Smith said GM is looking for ways to save some of the five older plants targeted last week. "I'm hoping we'll need another plant for the APV," a new plastic-bodied minivan now being assembled at a single plant in Tarrytown, N.Y., he said. However, Mr. Smith said that as a result of a $ 70 billion factory-modernization program undertaken over the last decade, "we can produce more in the new plants than we could in the old plants."  :: VPE
On Friday, the market makers, who must be prepared to buy stock when no one else will, were frantically cutting the prices at which they would take stocks off sellers' hands, in reaction to plunging prices on the New York Stock Exchange, according to Mr. Rosenbach.  :: VPE
The text of his remarks hasn't been published, and editors say they have no instructions as to whether it will be. Accounts of previous such meetings with media and other groups have been printed, sometimes after a delay of several days.  :: VPE
The past two trading days, while painful, haven't been as disastrous for the arbs as the October 1987 market crash because takeover-related stocks haven't dropped as sharply as they did two years ago, and traders aren't as deeply in debt as they were then.  :: VPE
Even though National Geographic offers far more readers than does a magazine like Smithsonian, "the page costs you an arm and a leg to develop any frequency," says Harry Glass, New York media manager for Bozell Inc.  :: VPE
But the magazine was slower than its competitors to come up with its regional editions, and until last year offered fewer of them than did competitors. Time magazine, for example, has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions, top management, and other groups.  :: VPE
Damon Darlin is a fine reporter of serious topics. Don't waste his talents with fatuous assignments such as the Sept. 20 page-one article about gift-giving in Korea. You sunk just about as low as NBC did in its reporting on Korean life during last year's Olympics.  :: VPE
Hard on the heels of Friday's 190-point stock-market plunge and the uncertainty that's followed, a few big brokerage firms are rolling out new ads trumpeting a familiar message : Keep on investing, the market's just fine. Their mission is to keep clients from fleeing the market, as individual investors did in droves after the crash in October  :: VPE
PaineWebber Inc. filmed a new television commercial at 4 p.m. EDT yesterday and had it on the air by last night. Fidelity Investments placed new ads in newspapers yesterday, and wrote another new ad appearing today. Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. by yesterday afternoon had already written new TV ads. It considered running them during tomorrow night's World Series broadcast but decided not to when the market recovered yesterday. Other brokerage firms, including Merrill Lynch & Co., were plotting out potential new ad strategies.  :: VPE
In any case, the brokerage firms are clearly moving faster to create new ads than they did in the fall of 1987. But it remains to be seen whether their ads will be any more effective. In 1987, despite a barrage of ads from most of the major investment firms, individuals ran from the market en masse. Now the firms must try their hardest to prove that advertising can work this time around.  :: VPE
"France opened the limit down, off at least 10 % if you could calculate the index, which you couldn't," Mr. Clark, the Shearson trader, said early in the afternoon. "Spain is down 10 % and suspended, Sweden's down 8 %, Norway 11 %. This market has been very badly damaged."  :: VPE
If takeover premiums become excessive, if LBO dealmakers become too aggressive, then the private market will recognize these problems more quickly and accurately than will policy makers, and the markets will move with lightning speed to impose appropriate sanctions. Yes, the broader exchanges got caught up in the spiral, but they rode the tiger up all year. Not surprisingly, he sometimes bites.  :: VPE
"Singapore took the hit because when people want to get out, they tend to go where the liquidity is," said Elizabeth Hambrecht, a regional analyst with Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. She pointed out that even after Monday's 10 % decline, the Straits Times index is up 24 % this year, so investors who bailed out generally did so profitably. Similarly, Kuala Lumpur's composite index yesterday ended 27.5 % above its 1988 close.  :: VPE
Then, to make matters worse, computerized sell programs kicked in, hammering stocks into steeper losses. There was heavy stock-index arbitrage, as traders sold big baskets of stock and bought stock-index futures to profit from the price discrepancies between the two markets. This was a hangover from Friday, when Standard & Poor's 500-stock index futures had closed at a sharp discount to stocks. The onslaught of the program selling dashed any hopes that some of the big program trading firms would hold off until the market stabilized. They didn't. The Dow accelerated its slide, losing 63.52 in the first 40 minutes of trading.  :: VPE
Meanwhile, Peter DaPuzzo, Shearson's head of retail equity trading, praised institutional investors in the OTC market, who were heavy buyers of the Nasdaq's biggest technology issues yesterday amid a flood of selling by other investors. "The institutions can't be criticized for their behavior," Mr. DaPuzzo said in an interview. "It was the opposite of what happened on Oct. 19. They used their judgment. They didn't panic during the first round of selling this morning. Instead, they bought on weakness and sold into the strength, which kept the market orderly. Maybe they learned from experience."  :: VPE
Then at 10:15 the Dow suddenly started to rebound, and when it shot upward it did so even faster than the early-morning fall. And this time, it wasn't just the program traders who were responsible. All the selling had pushed stocks to such cheap values that big investment banks and major money management firms started buying stocks heavily. The program traders were in there, too, of course. But according to one trader, the programmers "n't look as dominant on the upside as on the downside because there was { also } a lot of bargain-hunting " by institutions.  :: VPE
West Germany's Green Party joined its ideological soulmates Jeremy Rifkin and the Christic Institute in the legal battle to ground the Atlantis shuttle and its plutonium-powered Galileo probe to Jupiter. The anti-defense Greens wanted a Washington federal appeals court to block today's scheduled liftoff long enough for them to ask the World Court to " " a permanent cancellation of the $ 1.5 billion flight. A three-judge appeals panel yesterday refused to comply, though liberal Judge Pat Wald went out of her way to deny that this was a "frivolous " case. Of course it was. NASA should now sue for fines against all three politico-plaintiffs, foreign and domestic, for bringing this mischievous case.  :: VPE
Congress has been critical of the Bush administration for not sending enough aid to Poland, so it is getting ready to send its own version of a CARE package. Last month, the Senate voted to send a delegation of congressional staffers to Poland to assist its legislature, the Sejm, in democratic procedures. Senator Pete Domenici calls this effort "the first gift of democracy." The Poles might do better to view it as a Trojan Horse. It is the vast shadow government of15,000 congressional staffers that helps create such legislative atrocities as the1,376 page, 13-pound reconciliation bill that claimed to be the budget of the United States. Maybe after the staffers explain their work to the Poles, they'd be willing to come back and do the same for the American people.  :: VPE
COPPER : Futures prices fell and showed little rebound as one major labor problem that had been underpinning prices appeared to be solved. The December contract declined 3.05 cents a pound to $ 1.2745. Prices were down from the outset of trading on concern that a drop in the stock market might create a weakened economy and a consequent reduction in copper use. But the recovery in the stock market provided little help for copper as word spread that a three-month strike at the Highland Valley mine in British Columbia was about over, according to an analyst. Highland Valley is a large Canadian producer and principal supplier to Japan, which recently began seeking copper elsewhere as its inventories shrank. Last week it was reported that company and union negotiations had overcome the major hurdle, the contracting out of work by the company. Now, the analyst said, only minor points remain to be cleaned up. " all intents and purposes, an agreement appears to have been achieved," he said. Copper inventories in New York's Commodity Exchange warehouses rose yesterday by 516 tons, to10,004 tons. London Metal Exchange copper inventories last week declined13,575 tons, to89,300 tons. The LME stocks decline was about as expected, but the Comex gain wasn't. However, this was brushed aside by concern over the stock market, the analyst said. At one point in futures trading, as the stock market firmed, the December contract rose to as high as $ 1.2965, but it wasn't able to sustain the gain. "It was simply overbought," he said, and selling by funds that are computer guided helped depress prices.  :: VPE
Mr. Sim is confident that the drive to dominate certain niche markets will work at Barry Wright as it has at Applied. He also professes an "evangelical " fervor to develop a corporate culture that rewards managers who produce and where decision-making is shared.  :: VPE
Mr. Sim figures it will be easier to turn Barry Wright around since he's now in the driver's seat. When he came to Applied, "I didn't have the power to execute as I do today," he says. He was named chief executive officer of Applied in 1986 and became chairman last November.  :: VPE
Despite a decade-long attempt to revamp the socialist economy, China's mega-welfare state is alive and well. Health care is free, housing costs just pennies and food is heavily subsidized. At Panzhihua, as in other big state-run factories, workers still can count on a cradle-to-grave safety net. Factory officials estimate that more than 10 % of the work force here is redundant, but layoffs aren't allowed. Even factory workers' children are guaranteed jobs. The industrial monoliths are so deeply involved in the welfare system that China's leaders may never be able to modernize them, despite their glaring economic inefficiency. Though the Panzhihua factory itself is profitable, many such enterprises aren't. Subsidies for money-losing enterprises totaled $ 18 billion last year, or about one-third the total state revenue.  :: VPE
What keeps Mr. Li in Panzhihua ? Partly the system. While workers can't easily be fired, they also can't easily quit to find jobs elsewhere. The Li family could apply for permission to do so, but hasn't tried. "I expect I'll be in Panzhihua for the rest of my life," Mr. Li says. "The No. 1 high school is pretty good, and I have to think of my daughter's future."  :: VPE
The Fed allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\ % from its levels of just below 9 % last week. That was a sign to financial markets that, at least for now, the Fed was easing its grip on credit. Because the markets remained relatively calm, however, the Fed didn't have to inject massive amounts of money into the banking system, as it did in October 1987.  :: VPE
"I do not regard the amount of the decline on Friday as unexpected or unlikely," he said in a telephone interview. " the market being up to2,700 or2,800 and the existence of derivative products... one can expect volatility of the magnitude we had."  :: VPE
Those sound like innocuous changes, but they're not. Both the Treasury and Congress traditionally have pushed for easy money, the Treasury to reduce its debt management problems and Congress to satisfy powerful producer constituencies who want a weak dollar for short-term competitive gains in world markets. Congressional pressures on the Fed similar to those that produced the savings and loan mess are an awful thought.  :: VPE
Easy money advocates, however, are adept at spreading economic myths. There is the constant insistence that the Fed could lower interest rates were it not so obstinate. The Fed indeed can lower short-term interest rates by pumping reserves into the banks, but it can't do much about them from there on. If the reserves generate inflation, which is what the Fed fears most right now, interest rates will go up as lenders demand a premium. Enough inflation can ultimately even wipe out the bond market, as it did in Britain in the 1970s, thereby crippling the economy.  :: VPE
These two myths have caused the republic untold damage. The U.S. economy took on an inflationary bias when the Fed was forced to finance an incredible spending spree by Lyndon Johnson. Richard Nixon exacerbated the problem when, in response to pressures from Congress, he applied price and wage controls in August 1971, thereby discouraging production. Jimmy Carter ultimately hired Mr. Volcker to kill inflation, which was reaching dangerous levels. He did, too late to save Mr. Carter from forced retirement.  :: VPE
The claim that inflation generates economic growth is seductive. In fact it does the opposite. As the charts show, the 1975-80 inflation destroyed both productivity and economic growth ( see accompanying charts -- WSJ Oct. 17, 1989 ). It was only after Mr. Volcker killed inflation, at the cost of a sharp but brief recession, that growth and productivity started rising once more. Producers were forced by the discipline of sound money to slash away organizational fat and acquire more efficient equipment. After having performed that admirable feat, however, they were back in 1985 demanding a dollar devaluation that would make it still easier for them to compete in international markets. They got the devaluation and, as is usually the case, began picking up fat again. So now they want another one.  :: VPE
Authorities, including the Bank of England and the Securities Association, are gearing up in case a crisis wallops the London market. The bank was in touch with other major central banks over the weekend and was preparing to make capital available to dealers if needed, as it did in the 1987 crash, according to people familiar with the bank's strategy.  :: VPE
Many are quick to emphasize that just because the market can fall as fast as it did Friday doesn't mean it will tank again, despite some disquieting similarities between now and October 1987. As in 1987, this latest market slide was preceded by sparring between nations and government officials over the dollar.  :: VPE
If foreigners dump U.S. stocks and return to the safety of their home markets -- as they did in October 1987 -- they must simultaneously also sell dollars for their own currencies. Those transactions, in turn, could weaken the dollar. Even if foreigners just withhold from buying additional U.S. securities, they reduce the demand for dollars.  :: VPE
America West, though, is a smaller airline and therefore more affected by the delayed delivery of a single plane than many of its competitors would be. "I figure that American and United probably have such a hard time counting all the planes in their fleets, they might not miss one at all," Mr. Otradovec said.  :: VPE
Major oil companies in the next few days are expected to report much less robust earnings than they did for the third quarter a year ago, largely reflecting deteriorating chemical prices and gasoline profitability. The gasoline picture may improve this quarter, but chemicals are likely to remain weak, industry executives and analysts say, reducing chances that profits could equal their year-earlier performance.  :: VPE
But securities analysts say Phillips will be among the companies hard-hit by weak chemical prices and will probably post a drop in third-quarter earnings. So, too, many analysts predict, will Exxon Corp., Chevron Corp. and Amoco Corp.  :: VPE
"It hasn't had any impact on us, nor do we expect it to," said a spokeswoman for Miller Brewing Co., a major client of Backer Spielvogel. John Lampe, director of advertising at PaineWebber Inc., a Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising client, said : "We have no problem with the announcement, because we don't know what change it's going to bring about. We aren't going to change agencies because of a change in London."  :: VPE
The Bronx has a wonderful botanical garden, a great zoo, its own charming Little Italy ( on Arthur Avenue ) and, of course, the Yankees. However, most people, having been subjected to news footage of the devastated South Bronx, look at the borough the way Tom Wolfe's Sherman McCoy did in "Bonfire of the Vanities " -- as a wrong turn into hell.  :: VPE
Then there's "The World Today," the prime-time newscast featuring Mr. Shaw and Ms. Crier. Until now, CNN has featured its Hollywood gossip show during the key evening period. But 70 % of the cable-television-equipped households that watch news do so between 6:30 p.m. and 7 p.m., the network discovered, so CNN wants in. Mr. Amos says the Shaw-Crier team will probably do two live interviews a day, with most of the program, at least for now, appearing similar to CNN's other newcasts.  :: VPE
While some in the U.S. contend that advertising is the bane of television, here many believe that its absence is to blame for the European TV industry's sluggish development. Until recently, national governments in Europe controlled most of the air time and allowed little or no advertising. Since production costs were guaranteed, it didn't matter that a program couldn't be sold abroad or put into syndication, as most American programs are. But not much money was spent on the shows, either, a situation that encouraged cheap-to-make talk and game shows, while discouraging expensive-to-produce dramas.  :: VPE
IOWA IS MAKING a comeback. So are Indiana, Ohio and Michigan. The population of all four states is on the upswing, according to new Census Bureau estimates, following declines throughout the early 1980s.  :: VPE
If Mr. Mason had used less derogatory language to articulate his amateur analysis of the voting behavior of his fellow New Yorkers, would the water be quite so hot ? It probably would, because few or none of the people upset by Mr. Mason's remarks have bothered to distinguish between the substance of his comments and the fact that he used insulting language. In addition, some of Mr. Mason's critics have implied that his type of ethnic humor is itself a form of racism.  :: VPE
Don't say the TV sitcom, because that happens to be a genre that, in its desperate need to attract everybody and offend nobody, resembles politics more than it does comedy. It is true that the best sitcoms do allow group differences to simmer : yuppies vs. blue-collar Bostonians in "Cheers " ; children vs. adults in "The Cosby Show." But these are not the differences that make headlines.  :: VPE
In "Chicken Soup," Mr. Mason plays Jackie, a Jewish bachelor courting Maddie ( Lynn Redgrave ), an Irish widow and mother of three, against the wishes of his mother ( Rita Karin ) and her brother Michael ( Brandon Maggart ). It's worth noting that both disapproving relatives are immigrants. At least, they both speak with strong accents, as do Jackie and Maddie. It couldn't be more obvious that "Chicken Soup " is being made from an old recipe. And a safe one -- imagine if the romance in question were between an Orthodox Jew and a member of the Nation of Islam.  :: VPE
Yes, he did. As I watched him on C-Span, I heard him speak those lovely words about the Bill of Rights, which he quotes from the transcript of the hearings. He did repeat those nice platitudes several times as an indication of his support for the Constitution. He used about 56 words defending the witnesses' constitutional rights.  :: VPE
Market makers keep supplies of stock on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur. On days like Friday, that means they must buy shares from sellers when no one else is willing to. When selling is so frenzied, prices fall steeply and fast. Two years ago, faced with the possibility of heavy losses on the stocks in their inventories, market makers themselves began dumping shares, exacerbating the slide in OTC stock prices.  :: VPE
"There are some very significant issues out there, such as the fiscal deficit, the trade deficit, our relations with Japan, that have to be the subject of major initiatives," he said in an interview. "I'd like to see that initiative, and I haven't. There isn't a big shot, an agenda."  :: VPE
Surveys suggested that consumer confidence was high before Friday. A 190-point drop isn't likely to make much of a dent ; multiply that a few times over, though, and it will. If the reactions of executives gathered Saturday at Hot Springs, Va., for the Business Council meetings are typical, business leaders weren't overly rattled by Friday's decline. And if foreign investors become a tad more cautious -- well, the dollar's recent strength suggests that the U.S. can stand it.  :: VPE
A rebound in energy prices, which helped push up the producer price index, is expected to do the same in the consumer price report. The consensus view expects a 0.4 % increase in the September CPI after a flat reading in August.  :: VPE
Robert H. Chandross, an economist for Lloyd's Bank in New York, is among those expecting a more moderate gain in the CPI than in prices at the producer level. "Auto prices had a big effect in the PPI, and at the CPI level they won't," he said.  :: VPE
While the network currently can operate freely in Budapest, so can others. In addition, competition for listeners is getting tougher in many ways than when broadcasting here was strictly controlled. Instead of being denounced as an evil agent of imperialism, Radio Free Europe is more likely to draw the criticism that its programs are too tame, even boring.  :: VPE
What is one to think of all this ? Doctrine and special interests govern some responses. People eager to have youth " their dues to society " favor service proposals -- preferably mandatory ones. So do those who seek a "re-energized concept of citizenship," a concept imposing stern obligations as well as conferring rights. Then there are instinctive opponents. To libertarians, mandatory service is an abomination and voluntary systems are illegitimate uses of tax money. Devotees of the market question the value of the work national service would perform : If the market won't pay for it, they argue, it can't be worth its cost. Elements of the left are also reflexively opposed ; they see service as a cover for the draft, or fear the regimentation of youth, or want to see rights enlarged, not obligations.  :: VPE
Good service programs require recruitment, screening, training and supervision -- all of high quality. They involve stipends to participants. Full-time residential programs also require housing and full-time supervision ; they are particularly expensive -- more per participant than a year at Stanford or Yale. Non-residential programs are cheaper, but good ones still come to some $10,000 a year. Are they worth that ? Evaluations suggest that good ones are -- especially so if the effects on participants are counted. But the calculations are challengeable.  :: VPE
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan was on the telephones, making it clear to officials in the U.S. and abroad that the Fed was prepared to inject massive amounts of money into the banking system, as it did in October 1987, if the action were needed to prevent a financial crisis.  :: VPE
Sony found a new market niche, but Mr. Kaye figured that its prices left plenty of room for a lower-priced competitor. His products aren't exact copies of Sony's but strongly resemble them in size, shape and, especially, color. Sony uses mostly red and blue, with traces of yellow -- and so does Justin, on the theory that kids prefer these colors. ( " be successful, a product can be any color whatsoever, as long as it is fire-engine red," says Charles E. Baxley, Justin's attorney. )  :: VPE
Now, dozens of corporations, including Ethan Allen, TW Services and York International, that are counting on at least $ 7 billion of scheduled new junk financings to keep their highly leveraged takeovers and buy-outs afloat, may never get the money. "The music has stopped playing," says Michael Harkins, a principal in the investment firm of Levy Harkins. "You've either got a chair or you don't."  :: VPE
Ramada, which first delayed and then shelved a $ 400 million junk bond sale that was designed to help finance a restructuring, fell 15.6 % to close at 9 1\. Ramada has said it hopes to propose a new restructuring plan but hasn't indicated when it will do so.  :: VPE
But the stock market as a whole, bolstered as it is by takeover speculation, remains vulnerable to any further pullback by takeover financiers, both in the junkbond market and among commercial banks. For debt-ridden suitors, "the takeover game has been over for some time," says New York money manager Neil Weisman of Chilmark Capital, who has been keeping 85 % of his portfolio in cash. "The market is just waking up to that point."  :: VPE
Mr. Wertheimer said the Senate Ethics Committee should hire a special outside counsel to conduct an investigation, as was done in the case of former House Speaker James Wright. Wilson Abney, staff director of the ethics panel, wouldn't comment.  :: VPE
Indeed it is. Congress has said repeatedly it wants no part of the mess, urging the studios and the networks, which license rights to air shows made by the studios, to work out their own compromise.  :: VPE
As the days go by, the South African government will be ever more hard pressed to justify the continued imprisonment of Mr. Mandela as well as the continued banning of the ANC and enforcement of the state of emergency. If it doesn't yield on these matters, and eventually begin talking directly to the ANC, the expectations and promise raised by yesterday's releases will turn to disillusionment and unrest. If it does, the large number of right-wing whites, who oppose any concessions to the black majority, will step up their agitation and threats to take matters into their own hands.  :: VPE
South Korea is " important to us now, both economically and in terms of security," says Sen. Richard Lugar ( R., Ind. ), the former chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. ", many Americans don't think much about Korea. But the miracle of their economic growth and the development of democracy -- imperfect though it is -- are very important to the United States." One major topic during Mr. Roh's visit will be human rights. Due process still is denied in South Korea ; a few months ago, Kim Dae Jung, the major opposition leader, was detained and interrogated for 20 hours by security thugs. Just as Pope John Paul II did in Seoul last week, President Bush and members of Congress ought to tell Mr. Roh in no uncertain terms that this kind of behavior is unacceptable.  :: VPE
It's appropriate for U.S. officials to keep hammering for more open trade policies, as U.S. Trade Representative Carla Hills did in Seoul last week. But there's also sometimes a tendency in American political circles to pick especially on South Korea, out of frustration over our inability to do much about Japan. That's counterproductive.  :: VPE
Still, such a pricing strategy just might appeal to people like Connie Bates, a respondent in the Journal survey. She recently walked out of a furniture store because the salesman offered to cut the price of a sectional couch three times. When a store keeps dropping prices, the Farmington, Mich., resident says, "I get suspicious that they're trying to get the most they can out of you."  :: VPE
Recent order rates indicate that the fourth quarter, a time shipments usually pick up, will be weak as well. Merrill Lynch's Mr. Bradford said, "We haven't seen the pickup in flat rolled orders that we should have." Flat rolled steel is the industry's major product.  :: VPE
But now, with Bull in firm control, these U.S. operations are key ingredients in Mr. Lorentz's plans to ensure that Bull remains one of the half-dozen or so world-wide, full-range computer companies likely to survive the 1990s. To do so, Bull is planting itself firmly in the U.S., where, says Mr. Lorentz, a lot of the best people and research are. The Zenith buy means Bull will derive 22 % of its revenue from the U.S. -- up from 18 % previously -- and the company spends 30 % of its 3.64 billion-franc research and development budget in the U.S.  :: VPE
" " through the Beijing massacre ? This is the buzzword Adi Ignatius chooses to characterize in his review of my book "Tiananmen Diary : Thirteen Days in June " ( Leisire & Arts, Sept. 8 ). I doubt that many readers of this chronicle of the blood and bullets and terror of the Beijing massacre would put it just this way. Nor mistake, as he seems to have done, a raw, rough-cut, unretouched, genuine diary, complete with blips, print lice and all the confusions of real time with high-gloss footnoted academic scholarship. Such works will be forthcoming, but I doubt if they will convey the anguish of what Mr. Ignatius calls my "insta-book."  :: VPE
The most sensorily significant of the two springs is the one which emerges from the northern hillside. :: NPE-C
According to the Soviet news agency Tass the two discuss "the problem of promoting mutual exchanges of views on the Palestinian issue" . :: NPE-C
Snobbery had fought with economy, and the two had reached a very silly compromise.  :: NPE-C
The five were previously imprisoned from June until October 1990 for allegedly organizing a political party  all parties are prohibited. :: NPE-C
The three are also believed to be implicated in other cases of serious violations against street children.  :: NPE-C
It may be that neither statement need be held to subtract from the other, but there could well be some dispute as to which of the two is the more deeply entrenched in the novel. :: NPE-C
And the two don't always coincide, Fraser replies: That's my split vision.  :: NPE-C
Peter Ackroyd is all of the formidable pasticheur that he is praised for being, and Dyer's tale, which affects to be that of someone who lived in the eighteenth century, and in which the element of imitation, present in writing of every kind, is more obtrusive than it is in the other tale, is the livelier of the two. :: NPE-C
The Facts is the more filial book of the two. :: NPE-C
A fuller account of these two groups of dominant beliefs benefits from some comparison between the two. :: NPE-C
The two on the left are metered pumps serving exact half-pints, the ones on the right are free flow pumps  :: NPE-C
This can be done by purchase unit, standard unit or a combination of the two. :: NPE-C
The two will develop and market pen and display-(PAD) based solutions to users in a wide range of commercial markets, including retailing and merchandising.  :: NPE-C
All we have to do is combine the two. :: NPE-C
To find which of the five is the most fragrant, we'll be holding a studio sniff-in on Morning Edition at 8.45am on Saturday August 31.  :: NPE-C
But there is little to choose between the two in terms of overall performance.  :: NPE-C
That is the basic difference between the hook and the sweep though, as I said, the two do blur into one. :: NPE-C
Look how readily the thousand had turned out to besiege the laird at Castle Menzies! :: NPE-C
The two shook hands and Cameron introduced Menzies.  :: NPE-C
When he is shown a pair of faces and has to decide which of the two is a celebrity, he performs at chance level, even though he performs almost as well as normal subjects on this task when the faces are replaced by their names. :: NPE-C
Which of the two? :: NPE-C
What they want in future is 32 seeds in all the Grand Slam tournaments instead of the 16 they have at present.  :: NPE-C
Well now: this decision that all children must learn two languages, forgetting the thousands in many English cities who already have a home language, with a literature of its own.  :: NPE-C
there are nearly 5,000 reported cases of AIDS, of which nearly 3,000 have already died.  :: NPE-C
At group level, the days have gone when three prisoners per group (one from the West, the East and a non-aligned country) were obligatory.  :: NPE-C
AN UPDATE ON SOME OF THE 92 PRISONERS OF CONSCIENCE FEATURED IN THE LETTER WRITING CAMPAIGN IN 1989 AND 1990  39 ARE NOW FREE!  :: NPE-C
39 of the prisoners featured in the letter writing campaign have been released; about 50 remain in prison.  :: NPE-C
Mohamed Abbad remains in prison with 17 of the original 31. :: NPE-C
Some states even go to the trouble of having two switches, one a dummy, so that everyone can say, it wasn't me who actually killed him.  :: NPE-C
By the end of 1961 there were 11 groups, nine in the UK, one in Norway and one in Australia.  :: NPE-C
These early groups were called Threes Groups because each adopted three prisoners, one from the East, one from the West and one from Afro-Asian countries. :: NPE-C
In many cases a group would divide into sub-groups and work on more than three at a time. :: NPE-C
At one point Manchester University group was working on 39! :: NPE-C
On 28 May 1986, Amnesty's 25th Anniversary, St Clement Danes Church in the Strand, London, rang 5,000 chimes, roughly one for every POC case Amnesty had worked on during the year.  :: NPE-C
The 25th Anniversary campaign had dramatic results: individual membership increased from 25,000 at the end of 1985 to 35,000 at the end of 1986: a full 30 per cent increase in one year.  :: NPE-C
Today catalogues raisonns are often divided into two; one volume is for an introduction and plates, while the other has the detailed catalogue.  :: NPE-C
And that got me into the last three so I had to do it all again at the Barbican which I think was to see if I could fill that theatre with enough presence and vocal range.  :: NPE-C
In my own case, he wrote, and I can speak only for myself, in my own case and in my own life there have been very few genuine beginnings, only three or perhaps four. :: NPE-C
For glass no longer surface of infinite slimness but shadow of fourth dimension, seen by us as three, reproduced as two. :: NPE-C
That I grow bored after an hour or two. :: NPE-C
And McGrindle, very matter of fact though drunk as usual: I have sixteen children, seven by my first marriage, four by my second, my second wife had two of her own, that makes thirteen, and three from my third, sixteen, and I am proud to say I have been able to give them all a good education and every chance in life without ever compromising my integrity.  :: NPE-C
Painting nearly always fifty years or even a hundred behind the times. :: NPE-C
Man going berserk in Surrey commuter town, gunning down thirty. :: NPE-C
And the six (or eight) who carry out his instructions.  :: NPE-C
A beer cask can come in several sizes: a pin (4.5 gallons), a firkin (9), a kilderkin (18), a barrel (36) and a hogshead (54).  :: NPE-C
Membership grew at an astonishing pace, reaching close to 30,000 in the late 1970s.  :: NPE-C
Even then, we would trail behind other European Community members, such as Germany, France and Italy, each with 11 public holidays a year, Spain and Portugal with 13 each, and Denmark with 10. :: NPE-C
IGS, for example, quotes 60 per person per day, with a minimum of four to a group.  :: NPE-C
This can be done by purchase unit, standard unit or a combination of the two. :: NPE-C
There is the obvious price dodge of skimping on the thickness of silver, measured by cutlers in microns  which can be anything from one to 50. :: NPE-C
During his stay he cooked a five-course gala dinner for 150 at the Mansion on Turtle Creek with executive chef Dean Fearing.  :: NPE-C
They may contain any of the basic seed varieties or a combination of all three. :: NPE-C
One woman was handier with a knife, another was better organised, two had marvellous raw materials, another was feeling the pressure of competing.  :: NPE-C
Alan Davidson's previous books include two on fish  North Atlantic Seafood and Mediterranean Seafood  which are classics of their kind.  :: NPE-C
There were six of them, five with small slices taken out and the sixth with the knife still in it.  :: NPE-C
Marion, a ripely handsome woman in her mid-thirties, who had played a season at Stratford-on-Avon and toured as Mrs Tanqueray, was extremely displeased at having to share Jessie, let alone a dressing-room, and particularly with a chit like Bunty; but the Regent was small and naturally the two Star dressing-rooms, 1 and 2, went to Salt and Pepper, that perennial and professionally married pair of comedy-thriller performers whose productions never ran for less than a year  a godsend in a profession where rehearse for three weeks, open and close in two was not unusual.  :: NPE-C
I'd like to see Father go a round or two with one of them.  :: NPE-C
Out of a desire to protest against the oppression and exploitation he saw around him, he began to write short stories, by the time of his death over a hundred had been published.  :: NPE-C
Then we were wrestling and the other three rushed to separate us.  :: NPE-C
Another two moved on shortly afterwards and it was then that the intimidation began. :: NPE-C
Just the two. :: NPE-C
All we have to do is combine the two. :: NPE-C
None had read the book or knew its detail, although one or two knew he had written something.  :: NPE-C
Next door but one came in for concupiscence and whoremonger.  :: NPE-C
Thirty thousand in round figures.  :: NPE-C
It was a long time since she had last seen Michael: it was seven months, two weeks and three days, four if she counted today. :: NPE-C
Maybe as many as ten. :: NPE-C
There were either five smears or six. :: NPE-C
Well, now I want to introduce another of Fodor's theses which, for my money, is as correct as the other two are false.  :: NPE-C
He advocates marking the stretchers off one at a time instead of squaring cross all four at once. :: NPE-C
Why not cut all four at one go?  :: NPE-C
It is a measure of the current popularity of marquetry that there were 404 entries to the competitions, of which 93 came from the Harrow chapter :: NPE-C
These are the practical considerations of the nature and limitations of wood as a material, on the one hand, and the visual effect one is trying to achieve on the other: the two are sometimes difficult to satisfy simultaneously.  :: NPE-C
Straight gouges are numbered 3 to 11, a 3 sweep is a very shallow curve, an 11 has a very deep flute.  :: NPE-C
Calculations were taken from the original bear to produce drawings, reducing it from three to two dimensions. :: NPE-C
Smaller sets of seven and 10 are also available.  :: NPE-C
The chisels are sold in standard black finish, or all-bright, in sets of seven, 10 and 17. :: NPE-C
The two halves are screwed together with brass screws, three on each side, two on the outer legs and one on the inner legs.  :: NPE-C
Your allocation of leaflets is 250 , and of Icebreaker posters is 20 . :: NPE-C
The year started with five regions, and ended with six. :: NPE-C
The prototype series of ten appeared from BREL Crewe Works with a collection of teething troubles, but were in regular passenger traffic to Leeds by the end of the year.  :: NPE-C
The last two were the social railway, requiring continuing support in grant-aid for the provision of socially essential services in the capital, in the great conurbations, and in rural areas. :: NPE-C
This famous line's deliberate run-down, closure proposals (three in total), the unbelievable fight by the public, culminating in 35,000 objectors during the five-year fight, was an object lesson to BR and the government.  :: NPE-C
In the most recent interim text, published last February, the Basic Law Drafting Committee  appointed by Peking but including a minority of Hong Kong members  relegated the problem to an appendix which outlined a scheme to raise the number of directly-elected seats in the Legislative Council, Hong Kong's rubber-stamp parliament, from 15 out of 55 in 1997 to 40 out of 80 two terms (six years) later.  :: NPE-C
Thousands queued to sign an unofficial book of condolence at the Xinhua News Agency.  :: NPE-C
Although it harboured the worst sort of poverty, inequality and exploitation during the 1930s and 1940s, not least because its bright lights attracted millions from the surrounding countryside, it seethed with exuberant life and economic activity.  :: NPE-C
In its wake, tens of thousands are slipping off, quietly once more, to sanctuaries abroad.  :: NPE-C
The three abortion cases, which may be reached in December, are unlikely to lead to a clean reversal of Roe v Wade, the 1973 Supreme Court ruling which granted an absolute right to abortion in the first three months of pregnancy and an almost unrestricted right in the next three. :: NPE-C
Three are prostitutes introduced to the drug by pimps.  :: NPE-C
Two turned out to be genuine while two, according to the Cypriots, were fakes.  :: NPE-C
The man said his group held 64 documents relating to IRA suspects in the Irish Republic and claimed the group had members in every police sub-division, of which the RUC has 38. :: NPE-C
She said: Seven of the eight have competed for Great Britain and we certainly would not have submitted any we thought would go just for the trip.  :: NPE-C
Davies, who has not renewed his contract as ITV's sports presenter, is one of 17 whose names appeared on ITV Sport's credits who have jumped ship this year alone.  :: NPE-C
ITV, the athletics channel, covered two. :: NPE-C
Plants can be bought in tens of thousands for 50 cents each in Bangkok, and sold for $10-$15 in the West.  :: NPE-C
The businesses include two in waste disposal  essentially landfill operations  two in quarrying, two in the manufacture of scientific instruments plus a chain of builders' merchants and a maker of specialised grouts. :: NPE-C
Only 10,000 of the necessary terminals are so far installed in shops, though the target is 20,000 by the New Year and 100,000 by the end of next year.  :: NPE-C
Barclays has 12,000 terminals installed in stores and another 30,000 on the way.  :: NPE-C
The big four may well have learnt so much about how to negotiate with the US regulatory and financial authorities to justify the cost of this investment. :: NPE-C
About 70 per cent of personal computers worldwide incorporate parts made by Intel, which employs 20,000. :: NPE-C
 This first cell is now empty, and a second, and a third. :: NPE-O
 Of the stories I have in mind, Othello and Desdemona, Samson and Delilah, Dido and Aeneas, only the third is spoken of, and it is spoken of oracularly. :: NPE-O
 An autocrat falls in the first two books; but the only one in the third is the author-autocrat of the hotel room who sallies into the bush, as if on impulse, to visit the mysterious, moveable front. :: NPE-O
 And to think, he wrote, that with all my previous work I barely knew what step to take first, let alone what step to take second, let us not talk about the third. :: NPE-O
 Though it has to be said, he wrote, and Goldberg, his eye racing down the page covered in his friend's tiny handwriting, paused to sip from the glass of fresh orange-juice at his side, wiped his forehead and went on typing, it has to be said that I have occasionally had the illusion that I knew what step to take first and even, occasionally, what step to take second, I will not talk about a third. :: NPE-O
 There is of course no logical reason why things should be different this time, wrote Harsnet, why this too should not be an illusion, the illusion of imagining that I know not only what step to take first but also what step to take second and even what step to take third. :: NPE-O
 There were six of them, five with small slices taken out and the sixth with the knife still in it. :: NPE-O
 One man had a rucksack, another a white cotton hat, a third an unbuttoned shirt, a fourth, sandshoes. :: NPE-O
 The third was big and light, contained a cupboard, a chest of drawers and twin beds which Sara did not try. :: NPE-O
 When the French began he was ninth in the world. :: NPE-O
 There are 3 heads to the triceps; 2 of them have their origins on the humerus and the third originates on the shoulder blade. :: NPE-O
 These both include many steps with the so-called dotted rhythm i.e. in 3/4 the dancer steps on the first beat, holds on the second and briefly takes weight on the other foot on the third before stepping onwards. :: NPE-O
 One command-line switch will make use of a maximum of 512K of expanded memory, either EMS 3.2 or 4.0; another will put overlays into extended memory; a third disables the degree of freedom facility for errors in curve fitting, and a fourth can be used to disable a mouse even if one if fitted and nominally active. :: NPE-O
 One command-line switch will make use of a maximum of 512K of expanded memory, either EMS 3.2 or 4.0; another will put overlays into extended memory; a third disables the degree of freedom facility for errors in curve fitting, and a fourth can be used to disable a mouse even if one if fitted and nominally active. :: NPE-O
 It is perfectly true that there is nothing conclusively in the poem to make us identify the first stair with Dante's Inferno , the second with his Purgatorio , the third with Paradiso ; as there is not (a more piercing uncertainty) anything to determine for us whether the broadbacked figure drest in blue and green, with his music of the flute, is an image of what must be renounced in order to achieve Paradise, or else an image of how terrestrial life can most nearly attain the paradisal. :: NPE-O
 Israeli troops killed four Palestinians yesterday and a fifth was beaten to death by fellow Arabs for alleged collaboration with Israel, Reuter reports. :: NPE-O
 Two tries, the first in under two minutes by Simon Holmes and the fourth by the hooker John Ashworth, were from alert attention to the ball at their own throw-in near their own line. :: NPE-O
 Sheffield Eagles' fortunes are soaring in the top flight; the 28-16 win at Wakefield was their third in four matches. :: NPE-O
We are now in our second recruitment round, and if that doesn't succeed we will go on to a third. :: NPE-O
 Atkinson, matching his attacking partner goal for goal, belted in the fourth from 20 yards, and the only question remaining after the most one-sided of first halves was which of them would be first to his hat trick. :: NPE-O
Sir Jeffrey, who has acted as unpaid and part-time special adviser to six trade and industry secretaries, yesterday added a seventh to his belt.  :: NPE-O
A fourth was to sell the shares to the work-force, as happened with the National Freight Corporation. :: NPE-O
To cut the dole was, in Seely's view, essential, but this tangle cannot be unravelled by any one party, or even any two, because if opposed by the third they would lose the Election and the evil would continue. :: NPE-O
The third is that the new right and Conservatism are one and the same. :: NPE-O
The first two tasks, though hideously difficult, were at least relatively straightforward; the third posed the problem which is at the heart of Peter Dennis's book: whose law was to be restored and what civilian authority should take over? :: NPE-O
A third was entirely concerned with management development and career planning and the fourth acted as a one-man think-tank, whose task was to advise on how ICI's personnel policies should evolve in future. :: NPE-O
A third was entirely concerned with management development and career planning and the fourth acted as a one-man think-tank, whose task was to advise on how ICI's personnel policies should evolve in future. :: NPE-O
The second component was to create educational and health services as rapidly as possible for as many people as possible, and the third was to achieve some fairer distribution of income between expatriate companies and individuals, and the local indigenous population.  :: NPE-O
Although the new Broadcasting Bill stipulates that these stations will provide a varied diet of programmes, the best bet is that one will feature primarily classical music, the second will have a pop/rock music base, while the third is likely to be an American-style talk station. :: NPE-O
In fact patriarchy, class, and hierarchy all presupposed a law of gender difference which was at once divinely, naturally, and socially laid down, the law descending from the first through the second to the third. :: NPE-O
A third was Crme De La Crme.  :: NPE-O
But the record since 1945 suggests that it is highly improbable that the British people will play anything like the major role in the affairs of mankind in the twenty-first century that they have done so frequently, if often unavailingly, in the course of the twentieth. :: NPE-O
By the end of the year, the Association had two Lodges with residents in occupation, and a third in the final stages of conversion. :: NPE-O
Wings Organiser Bill Osgothorp arranged a 25-mile bike ride, two of the bikes being penny-farthings and a third being a 1906 BSA. :: NPE-O
And the third was as a confessor, because he knew that many souls valued him in this work.  :: NPE-O
A sixth selects orange juice and Perrier.  :: NPE-O
Three people died and a fourth was critically injured in a two car crash in Oxfordshire last night.  :: NPE-O
And another individual goal; in the sixty fifth minute, he also made an opening for erm Jason Allen erm and Mark Hurtling to score the fifth and Mark Hurtling came along with the sixth. :: NPE-O
To add insult to injury, Taylor scored a third for Cambridge twelve minutes from time and then seconds from the final whistle Dublin scored a fourth for Cambridge United. :: NPE-O
To add insult to injury, Taylor scored a third for Cambridge twelve minutes from time and then seconds from the final whistle Dublin scored a fourth for Cambridge United.  :: NPE-O
It's our fifth in ten years [unclear] .  :: NPE-O
Now I'm looking on to it thinking, you know, [unclear] but they're so, do you think, the upper sixth aren't like that at all though are they?  :: NPE-O
you are the reason why I left the school, you know, none of the girls are happy by their upper sixth, in the lower sixth you might think it's alright but by the time [unclear] :: NPE-O
Yeah but in the lower sixth the fucking rules [unclear] :: NPE-O
But I'm gonna have to there are only two girls in the lower sixth. :: NPE-O
And there was one more upper sixth I think. :: NPE-O
All of the upper sixth have got them. :: NPE-O
And I've got, I've got my colours for netball and Roxy has and Katrina [gap:name] from [pause] the lower sixth are getting theirs in February. :: NPE-O
The third? :: NPE-O
In the tenth she was beginning to receive visitors of standing, and a golden crown and jewels were added to her coat. :: NPE-O
But there can be little doubt that he had two causes in mind, and great probability that he had also a third. :: NPE-O
He unloosed the third and fourth and was struggling with the reins of the fifth when he heard voices on the path. :: NPE-O
Two had lost a stirrup and the saddle of a third had slipped under its belly. :: NPE-O
By the third we should have them surrounded. :: NPE-O
Several were in groups of four, three standing slabs of stone over which a fourth lay as a roof, others lay tumbled in meaningless heaps, but still others seemed to be set in distinguishable lines and circles. :: NPE-O
I caught him watching me in the third. :: NPE-O
In the 1890s the Central Station was constructed, and in 1905 two more branch lines extended among the factories and workshops of the Lower City, and a third snaked its way out over a drawbridge and a railway ferry to the island of Ostrw. :: NPE-O
Now the old-fashioned, strong hessian is wonderful for keeping you warm and dry and John always sported three sacks  one round his waist, another over his shoulders, and the third with the corner pushed in for a hood over his head.  :: NPE-O
Philip Simmons, their only World Cup century-maker, added two more the only times he batted, smashing five sixes and 12 fours in 122 off 113 balls in the first match and two sixes and 10 fours in 104 off 139 balls in the third. :: NPE-O
One group of ships kept watch on Dunkirk and the Flemish ports; a second, ready to protect the Thames estuary, lay in the Downs just north of Dover; a third was at Spithead, covering Portsmouth and watching Le Havre; a fourth was in the Mediterranean, off Toulon; and the fifth, and most important, was Admiral Hawke's squadron, whose close blockade of Brest, from his base at Plymouth, was to become a model for the future. :: NPE-O
One group of ships kept watch on Dunkirk and the Flemish ports; a second, ready to protect the Thames estuary, lay in the Downs just north of Dover; a third was at Spithead, covering Portsmouth and watching Le Havre; a fourth was in the Mediterranean, off Toulon; and the fifth, and most important, was Admiral Hawke's squadron, whose close blockade of Brest, from his base at Plymouth, was to become a model for the future.  :: NPE-O
The third is for companies to acquire software for profiling, cross-analysing and clustering the census variables against their own customer records.  :: NPE-O
The first two questions will be 25 seat questions, the third a 50 seat question. :: NPE-O
He added that two of Kalchu's bulls would die this winter and the third would live.  :: NPE-O
The red bitch was the seventh in a line of dogs that had belonged to Kalchu's family since his grandfather had brought the first one back from Tibet some forty years previously.  :: NPE-O
Also, it's not simply a garrison, it's a fortified city; with damned great walls and ditches and bastions built on three sides of it, and the sea to defend it on the fourth.  :: NPE-O
If you know any two of the above variables, it is easy to work out the third. :: NPE-O
The following fragment of a manuscript is the third in our series Women: 50 years ago. :: NPE-O
It was the third in a series of six meetings on women's liberation, organised by the women s group in the local Polytechnic.  :: NPE-O
Three Westinghouse designed PWRs have been built there since 1974 and a fourth will be running by 1985. :: NPE-O
If they are dragged out again, they will release a second leg, then a third. :: NPE-O
There are four teams working closely together: two in environmental studies concerned respectively with village technology and agricultural and social aspects, a third on Mathematics and the fourth on Language. :: NPE-O
There are four teams working closely together: two in environmental studies concerned respectively with village technology and agricultural and social aspects, a third on Mathematics and the fourth on Language. :: NPE-O
The acceptance of the first of the three new premises on which the philosophy of the Created God rests, that is, that god is a product of life and not the creator of all things, implies the acceptance of the truth of the second and third. :: NPE-O
Our very existence proves the first, and the third is acknowledged to be a product of human life.  :: NPE-O
I MISSED the first performance of Peter Thompson's Chinese Lantern Music at last year's Summer Serenade, was so delighted to hear the complete work  the third in a series of commissions for local composers  played by the Petersfield Area Youth Orchestra on Wednesday. :: NPE-O
Neil Musgrove and Richard Williams, now in tight control of midfield, both went close before Musgrove, from the edge of the penalty area, slammed in the third. :: NPE-O
The Fitzallan's played leading parts in Scottish life over several generations: the third Steward, Alan's son, was appointed Justiciary for Scotland by King Alexander II; the fourth fought at the Battle of Largs and was a Crusader; and the fifth was appointed a Guardian of Scotland during the troubled times before the rise of William Wallace. :: NPE-O
Third in this trilogy of deaf men of remarkable achievements of this era who were mainly oralist but who respected those that used sign language was Abraham Farrar, born at Leeds, who became deaf at the age of 3 due to scarlet fever.  :: NPE-O
In performance, the first two are prone to bouts of noisy, head-splitting virtuosity, and Third mercilessly shows up those who fail to integrate this volatility into music of a more obviously poetic nature, and the Fourth is one of those elusive late pieces, whose rarefied world is closed to all but the most sensitive of artists. :: NPE-O
Another neglected master emerged on three LPs of Piano Sonatas by Harold Truscott, played, as in the Founds, by the indefatigable peter Jacobs; they revealed a muscial thinker of a very high order who has been, and still is, cruelly ignored by the muscial establishment (again, I understand that John Ogdon's recording for Altarus of Truscott's Tenth is due for release soon  and I would also make a plea for a re-issue of those other Sonatas on CD: they are contrapuntal masterpieces, sometimes witty, often beautiful, and they ought to be much more widely known).  :: NPE-O
Although the long list of available versions of Mahler's various symphonic off-spring can usually be whittled down to a shortlist without too much difficulty, the situation regarding praiseworthy recoding of the Third has almost reached saturation point. :: NPE-O
I'm not one for imbuing phrases with a coy, knowing wink in their gait, but at the same time there is a meticulousness about these particular performances (the Sixth is slightly better in this respect), which prevents the music from leaping off the page as quite it should. :: NPE-O
In an unusually perceptive liner note, Robert Layton hits the nail on the head when he says It is the exercise of true symphonic discipline that removes the Tenth from the private world to the universal.  :: NPE-O
One doesn't have to start capsize drill in a closed cockpit and Ms Wynne-Freer contradicts the statements in her fourth paragraph with those made in her tenth. :: NPE-O
Myriam Jerusalmi in third is married to Richard Fox, second in the men's event.)  :: NPE-O
It might be that in a list of names every tenth name is the leader of a section of ten people; to sample by every tenth would then result in either a sample of nothing but leaders or a sample with no leaders at all. :: NPE-O
First one child sidles up to the teacher with some trinket to show in order to allow the warm, cheerful voice of teacher questioning and encouraging to wash over the beginning of their school day; then another, more venturesome, rushes into the teacher's arms, with breathless news to convey; and finally a third arrives preoccupied with the task in hand and refers inadvertently to teacher as mum. :: NPE-O
And the third? :: NPE-O
The third will look at the actual experience of one recent, and especially contentious, form of local government activity  the development of local economic strategies. :: NPE-O
Procedure became uniform in the third century, while early in the fourth the differences of form were abolished by Constantine.  :: NPE-O
The trimming or upholstery was of a different hue for each train set, the first trimmed in blue, the second in brown, and the third in green, all moquettes. :: NPE-O
The Wolverton Royal Train remained in this form until 1 94 1, when three superb vehicles were completed at Wolverton Works, two of them saloons for George VI and Queen Elizabeth, to replace the L & NWR twelve-wheelers of 1903, and the third a carriage with sleeping compartments for the staff, luggage space, and a diesel-electric plant for supplying light and power to the train. :: NPE-O
The third was a saloon for the Equerry and Secretary, built in 1957 (Lot No 30131), replacing ex-LNWR 807. :: NPE-O
The third is a less tangible but no less striking phenomenon, the general feeling for freedom that has come over us all, an understanding heightened by the recent escape of millions of people by 1990 from the miseries of authoritarian rule and command economies. :: NPE-O
Many Roman villas were built in the form of a rectangle  buildings on three sides and a wall on the fourth. :: NPE-O
Upon tracing the sixth ventricle of the brain, which corresponds to the fourth in the human subject, to its apparent termination, the calamus scriptorius, I perceived the appearance of a canal, continuing by a direct course into the centre of the spinal marrow. :: NPE-O
Although there are no August records, the species has been recorded in September, the earliest report being for the seventh in 1951 and 1974.  :: NPE-O
In each of the four years, students spend some time teaching in primary schools (two weeks in the first year, four weeks in the second, four weeks in the third, and eight weeks in the fourth) under the supervision of school and University staff.  :: NPE-O
The air is never of one self-colour only, but is often of two colours, with a little of the third.  :: NPE-O
Five hundred years on, the Seldon plan is working too well to be true: the First Foundation deduces (again) the existence of the second, the second that of  a third? :: NPE-O
One is that they are a dumping site for iron; another is that the magnetic material is involved in the growth and repair of bones; and the third is that the magnetic deposits are concerned with detecting magnetic fields as an aid to navigation. :: NPE-O
The East-West pipeline is the fourth in the series, and the only one that involves importing pipes, turbines and equipment.  :: NPE-O
As this is the book I have turned to first ever since the first edition appeared in 1974, it's gratifying to note that enough people agree to take the volume into its third edition with a fourth on the way.  :: NPE-O
It is left to the reader to plot these points on figure 10.3, and to connect the first and third. :: NPE-O
It is not the only way to decide if the relationship between two variables depends upon the value of a third. :: NPE-O
They awarded the first prize for the block plan design to Crepinet, the second to William Hastings of Belfast and the third to Morgan and Phipson. :: NPE-O
The first prize for the Foreign Office design was awarded to H. E. Coe and Henry H. Hofland, the second to Banks and Barry, the third to Gilbert Scott and the fourth to Deane and Woodward. :: NPE-O
The first prize for the Foreign Office design was awarded to H. E. Coe and Henry H. Hofland, the second to Banks and Barry, the third to Gilbert Scott and the fourth to Deane and Woodward. :: NPE-O
The first prize for the War Department design was awarded to Henry B. Garling, the second to Botrel d'Hazeville of Paris, the third to J. T. Rochead of Glasgow and the fourth to Prichard and Seddon of Llandaff. :: NPE-O
The first prize for the War Department design was awarded to Henry B. Garling, the second to Botrel d'Hazeville of Paris, the third to J. T. Rochead of Glasgow and the fourth to Prichard and Seddon of Llandaff.  :: NPE-O
The dissemination of information in the event of an incident is dealt with at three levels: the first is the normal system of press notices; the second is the use of teletext and viewdata (Ceefax and Prestel) to get direct to members of the public at their homes or places of work; the third is the use of Telecom Gold electronic mail to get more technical details to various official bodies, such as water authorities (Jackson 1989).  :: NPE-O
The third is that if the easy way out is taken and the children stay away, then the church will be deprived of their fresh and youthful presence. :: NPE-O
The third is sexual love and enough illustrative material is on show in cinemas for me not to need to labour this point. :: NPE-O
YOUR HORSE FELL AT THE FIFTH. :: NPE-O
It so happens that the names Upehull, Upsall and Upshall occur in the records of one very small village  the first in a lay subsidy roll of 1327, the second in a manorial court roll of November 1550, and the third in a number of documents down to the latest twentieth-century electoral rolls. :: NPE-O
There are several other possible explanations but they are all of an uncertain nature, so the study will not be pursued in these pages, Instead, a name from the author's conjugate family will be used, because its origin and development can be traced, quite unambiguously, from the thirteenth century to the twentieth. :: NPE-O
There are three (perhaps four) sources of information  archaeological, documentary, and new observation through personal research; the dubious fourth being the stories by third-parties who remember things about buildings now gone, or changed. :: NPE-O
The third is possible changes in meaning which have occurred in certain words since the time when the writing was executed and the present day. :: NPE-O
To some degree aspects of local distribution of the eighteenth century, poor relief of the nineteenth, or welfare benefits of the twentieth. :: NPE-O
Four were on the main street; the fifth was on the western edge of the village. :: NPE-O
A third blazed out its fiery message a few yards further on; and a fourth and fifth, all along the line, until they disappeared as orange glowworms in the far distance of the French right wing.  :: NPE-O
By the time the customer walked into the shop, the joint had been wrapped by a second assistant whilst a third would fill the empty space in the window.  :: NPE-O
Rose, giving evidence, said Sweeney had been refused a drink at three pubs and left a fourth. :: NPE-O
Maisie sat in the corner of the kitchen with one chocolate bar in her mouth, another in her right hand, another in her lap and a fourth beside her on the draining board, in case anything should happen to the other three.  :: NPE-O
 1498 Liam McNamara (a North Shore surfer riding a Willis Phazer) took off on the first, followed by Tony Moniz (another local) on the second and Carroll on the third. :: NPE-O
 1054 It was clear by February that Frederick would allow no compromises; he returned six prisoners to the city, five of whom were blinded, while the sixth had his nose cut off. :: NPE-O
 1526 He sang and played mandolin and flute on their short tour and on another John Peel session (their seventh) in May 1989. :: NPE-O
397 Mr Foggerty agreed to produce the fourth. :: NPE-O
 1811 In no time, he'd bought a second one for Liam in Milltown, and then a third in Warrenpoint and now Liam was just about to clinch a site in Newry. :: NPE-O
 2027 Denis, the third. :: NPE-O
 2135 Burt made two more fine saves to deny Wells and Daynes, but there was nothing he could do to stop Mill's third after 70 minutes. :: NPE-O
 2146 Steve Warwick scored the second goal and was brought down in the area, enabling Alton to get their third in a 31 home win. :: NPE-O
 1576 Columns of cast iron support roofs of wrought iron and glass over the three original bays (the fourth is a more recent addition), and an oriel above Platform 1 was the Station Master's vantage point. :: NPE-O
 1168 Arsenal won their first five matches and did not lose until the tenth. :: NPE-O
 2439 The fifth in the series of Automatic Methods Group residential conferences, held on the general theme of the managerial aspects of automated analysis, will take place at the Viking Hotel, York, on 24 June 1992. :: NPE-O
 214 In brief, the first covers equal opportunities in matters of recruitment to CAB staff which has been discussed in Chapter 2; the second covers racism awareness training, which will be discussed in Chapter 6; and the third is a call to bureaux to reflect ethnic minority community needs. :: NPE-O
 134 The second is to lightly grip this loop of line between finger and thumb, and the third is to hook the line over the index finger of the hand holding the rod (See Fig. 2). :: NPE-O
 422 By late February he had already endeavored to disseminate Truth in the form of three political lectures, the first two delivered at the Corn Market in Wine Street, the third in a vacant house on Castle Green. :: NPE-O
 2481 Rule of simple proportion by which, given the relationship of two entities, the proportional relationship of a third can be discovered. :: NPE-O
 3658 A second edition was published in Aug. 1836, and a third and fourth in 1837. :: NPE-O
The third was a lengthy and dully-written biography of a late nineteenth-century general. :: NPE-O
The fifth was a biography of a famous writer, which Boy read twice with great fascination.  :: NPE-O
From these sources, it is possible quite quickly to gain an idea of how parkland has changed over the years  usually expanding in the later eighteenth and early nineteenth centuries, and then contracting during the twentieth. :: NPE-O
Nevertheless, the grammar schools existing separately from secondary modern schools edgily defended their difference and their rights  even if one of them had only six pupils in the upper sixth. :: NPE-O
Lung cancer was not seen as a sequel to smoking until the middle of the twentieth. :: NPE-O
One mistress I could ignore  but he's now on his sixth. :: NPE-O
There was a grinding crunch of metal as the front of the car telescoped, a second crashing sound as the car behind it rammed into the wreckage  followed by a third. :: NPE-O
Uneven and limited though this might have been, the gulf between Disraeli's two nations in the early and mid-nineteenth century became blurred and attenuated by the twentieth. :: NPE-O
They would deny the right of those whose standard of living is already at or above the average to any further improvement until the submerged fifth had been given more or less equivalent benefits. :: NPE-O
We were leading the British Open at Lytham when we played the fourth. :: NPE-O
At the last, slightly shorter if I remember, it had been a 3- or a 4-iron for the second shot and I thought back to 1958 and the fourth at Lytham, But this rime the boss and I agreed on the 3-iron. :: NPE-O
He hits his third into the rough.  :: NPE-O
Confidence in this traditional system of government was enhanced by its absorption of democratic reform in the nineteenth century and by its survival through two world wars in the first half of the twentieth. :: NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. :: NPE-O
The twenty-third was allotted to Jupiter, the twenty-fourth to Mars, and the first of the next day to the sun, which thus ruled Sunday, and so on through the week.  :: NPE-O
The view that the Lord's Day is essentially the Jewish Sabbath  a taboo day  transferred from the seventh to the first day of the week found expression from time to time in medieval law and theology.  :: NPE-O
The animal and vegetal poles define the main axis of the embryo and the first two cleavages are parallel to it while the third is always at right angles to it.  :: NPE-O
Of the three ladies who were attending to her, two were in middle age and the third in her early thirties. :: NPE-O
Tristan has two near neighbours, both uninhabited, Nightingale and Inaccessible, and a third a couple of hundred kilometres further south, Gough Island; all of them are the battered remains of extinct volcanoes.  :: NPE-O
According to the painstaking analysis of the records by Verbeek, the largest of these took place at 05.30, 06.44, 10.02 and 10.52 Krakatoa time, on the morning of 27 August; of these the third was much the most violent.  :: NPE-O
Two of these Mrs Rose could trace but the third had been with Crabb when they said goodbye and was not amongst his personal possessions returned to Crabb's mother by Smith. :: NPE-O
First and second gear are nearly impossible to shift up and down, or from third to second for the first two miles in winter.  :: NPE-O
The gravity of the second would be reflected in heavier sentences. :: NPE-O
One removes the red blood cells, leaving the plasma; the second removes the fatty cholesterol.  :: NPE-O
Oakland's Dave Henderson scored the A's first run with a homer in the second inning and they scored their second on a single by Dave Parker.  :: NPE-O
The Ford Pay claim coincides with negotiations at Vauxhall where leaders of the 9,000 manual workers have turned down a two-year offer giving 9.1 per cent in the first year and inflation plus 3 in the second. :: NPE-O
Triumph did develop the Stag a little, but not enough to make the last of the series significantly better than the first. :: NPE-O
One minute a well-behaved group of us  writers, intellectuals and so forth  were contentedly watching Zelda Plum dancing with the chinchilla on her head while Ken the Australian Horse Player offered odds ('Six to four the rat, he used to say, I do not know why, and on this particular evening the rat escaped and tripped up Robin Fox, London's most distinguished theatrical agent, who fell on top of Wales's friend, the actress Susan George) and the next a squad of hooligans were pushing people around and conjuring a piece of pot from Mrs Mouse's sewing basket.  :: NPE-O
All of which shows that one man's staple is another man's delicatessen or, rather, that the necessities of one generation can become the luxuries of the next. :: NPE-O
HUNGARY'S ruling Socialist Workers Party took a big step yesterday towards the complete abandonment of Communism when its president, Rezso Nyers, sketched out the contours of a new socialist movement capable of contesting next year's free elections, the first in Eastern Europe for 40 years. :: NPE-O
The first accused Washington of backing the failed coup; the second, complaining of the Bush wimp factor, said the United States had not done enough.  :: NPE-O
The first laugh of the evening came with the phrase non-aligned countries like Nato; the second with the observation that killing for the first time is like sex: Darke's audience of true believers was easily pleased.  :: NPE-O
The second was a report on restructuring the business in the run-up to privatisation.  :: NPE-O
The first is the amounts of money to be made in the business.  :: NPE-O
The first is that insofar as people continue to believe the figures, the Government derives an unfair advantage. :: NPE-O
The second is that official statistics become less and less use as a basis for rational debate, let alone for good decisions.  :: NPE-O
Cricket, he claimed, was his second religion, but his first won him the loyalty and affection of generations, whether the staff and pupils of Worksop College, of which he was chaplain, or his parishioners at Blewbury in Oxfordshire, of which he was vicar from 1964 until his death, five days before he was due to retire.  :: NPE-O
Tomorrow he delivers a lecture Beyond the Rhetoric: a cool look at architectural judgement as the first in a series by new professors at Leeds Polytechnic. :: NPE-O
But they begin at the beginning, with three works derived from the Greeks; the first is Euripides's dramatised cantata of desolation, The Trojan Women. :: NPE-O
The first is the world economic situation, which hits him in two ways.  :: NPE-O
But this last is precisely what Mr Lawson has long wanted to do and the Prime Minister absolutely forbidden.  :: NPE-O
Many vital stanzas were lost, although none could fail to mark the superbly engineered climax of the first song or the sensuous duet with the flute at the end of the second. :: NPE-O
Two of the women turn Mangan into a blubbering infant, and a third polishes her nails with vigorous glee over the wallowing body of her sentimental admirer.  :: NPE-O
The Army's new anti-tank weapons are being designed with tandem warheads; the first explodes reactive armour and the second penetrates the shell of the tank. :: NPE-O
The Army's new anti-tank weapons are being designed with tandem warheads; the first explodes reactive armour and the second penetrates the shell of the tank.  :: NPE-O
Singer Chris is probably the first since Silverfish's Lesley from these parts to totally revel in being a pack leader. :: NPE-O
The audience is small, a few hundreds, of whom maybe a third are white. :: NPE-O
The two contentions can seem analogous, but the second concerns overt motive, the first a highly arguable interpretation. :: NPE-O
The two contentions can seem analogous, but the second concerns overt motive, the first a highly arguable interpretation. :: NPE-O
I suspect it's because the 1992 election is the first in which the BBC is following ITN's lead by using exit polls. :: NPE-O
The first was just 20 minutes after the polls closed when, during a sample of random live interviews in Manchester, a man with a business on the verge of bankruptcy cheerfully admitted that the Tories had got him into this and he relied on them to get him out. :: NPE-O
I made 27 calls to Central Office, of which the best was the last. :: NPE-O
The superstition that the third light from a match brings bad luck apparently originates from the first world war, when German soldiers in the opposite trench would notice the first light, take aim at the second and fire at the third. :: NPE-O
But, inexorably, each atoning lapse is easier than the last. :: NPE-O
The first part of the remark was tautologous (show me a peaceful terrorist); and the second was untrue: Gerry Adams had just lost his West Belfast constituency. :: NPE-O
As the novel's second part charts Shimomura's exploits in his adopted western lands, the third reflects Roshan's childhood in Punjab and Bombay, among Hindu, Sikh and Parsee friends. :: NPE-O
The first is that of Aphrodite and Adonis: Aphrodite, the great Goddess, hides the child Adonis in a chest and gives him to Persephone, Goddess of the Underworld, who falls in love with Adonis and refuses to give him back. :: NPE-O
This doesn't try to be a smart book, and is probably the last where Clairmont will be Claire, but it is quite unpatronising. :: NPE-O
An appropriate response might be for four strong women to hold him down while a fifth administers a local anaesthetic and removes his balls. :: NPE-O
A fourth term, the first since 1826. :: NPE-O
The first was from a destitute young woman about to be evicted and threatening to gas her four children, then herself. :: NPE-O
The second is from a cleric pitted simultaneously against natural forces and galloping Dissent; and the third from a small farmer bent upon Improvement. :: NPE-O
The second is from a cleric pitted simultaneously against natural forces and galloping Dissent; and the third from a small farmer bent upon Improvement. :: NPE-O
Frenzied production one week gives way to nothing the next. :: NPE-O
Korean establishments were the first the crowd seems to have made for. :: NPE-O
The first is that there are very many far more important questions, even if this is an interesting one. :: NPE-O
The second is that this may not be a proper question at all, because it can't be answered. :: NPE-O
The first is the European Commission's insistence that abolition of border controls means what it says: come next year, there must be no passport or customs control whatever at Dover. :: NPE-O
The first is the notion that all that is now required is one more heave. :: NPE-O
It is genuinely disorienting playing to 300 students at Lampeter University one night, and then facing a meagre 15 punters at Treadwell's Art Mill in Bradford the next. :: NPE-O
The first is fraternal, popular entertainment, and a financial godsend for health care and education. :: NPE-O
The second is intensely combative performance art, and just about self-financing. :: NPE-O
Another suggested it was produced by special nerve cells in the brain; a third that it came in units called psychonic impulses, generated when two nerves were in communication. :: NPE-O
Zack had made eight calls in thirteen days  the ninth was about to come in. :: NPE-O
When the garage door was closed all three men pulled on their tracksuits and masks, while one went into the house to warn the fourth. :: NPE-O
Schramme was one of the first. :: NPE-O
If the last is the case then those profits will either be retained in the company and reinvested, or they will be passed on to the shareholders as increased dividends. :: NPE-O
The first was the one we have just described, in which the path of the cutting tool is analysed by a technician from inspection of the engineering drawing, described in formal mathematical language, and recorded on punched tape. :: NPE-O
The first was an attempt to break down demarcation between skilled trades doing maintenance work  the moving towards so-called two-trades maintenance. :: NPE-O
The second was to do with the design of the machinery to increase job cycle times and to reduce the extent to which work would be machine paced. :: NPE-O
A third noted: A few years ago I would have said gay or weak, but it's improving, :: NPE-O
In some areas, however, the wherever practicable is translated to mean the seventh day, not the first. :: NPE-O
The first is that drivers spend most of their working lives, with their heads encased in a fibreglass bucket.  :: NPE-O
The second is that drivers like to retain at least one common link with those fans who don't have private jets, Boss jeans, impossibly lithe blondes etc.  :: NPE-O
The first is his education: we find in the first two books of The Prelude those experiences which Wordsworth regarded as formative. :: NPE-O
The second was his residence in France during the French Revolution: this direct encounter with the main movement of the age led Wordsworth into constant political agony and debate, and it is significant that one of the main characters in The Excursion , his other long poem, is the Solitary, a despondent figure disillusioned by the failure of the Revolution.  :: NPE-O
The first is the traditional perception, the second the one that is gaining ground fast. :: NPE-O
The first is the traditional perception, the second the one that is gaining ground fast. :: NPE-O
The first is the Birkett Report of 1957 and the second is a White Paper published by the Home Office in 1980, updating the account given twenty-three years earlier. :: NPE-O
A number of safeguards were said to be in force, the first being that all applications had to be made in writing. :: NPE-O
Both arguments failed with the Court responding to the first by holding that the existing notification procedures were enough, there being no need for mandatory notification in all cases: :: NPE-O
The first relates to the extraordinarily wide scope of the warrants. :: NPE-O
Office, but with no information about the numbers issued by the Foreign Office or the Northern Ireland Office), and the second being a mere five pages (with an appendix of one page), yet priced at 1.90 (Lloyd, 1988). :: NPE-O
The first is Thomas v. Sawkins , where a public meeting was called in Glamorgan to protest against the Incitement to Disaffection Bill then before Parliament and to call for the dismissal of the Chief Constable of the county. :: NPE-O
The first is that the NRC co-ordinates strategy and the deployment of officers on a national basis in consultation with the Home Office, which may well have keen political interests in the matter to hand. :: NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. :: NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. :: NPE-O
The first are designed to present a formidable appearance in front of a crowd; the second are sent into a crowd to disperse and/or incapacitate people with truncheons; and the third are used to create a fear and scatter effect. :: NPE-O
In Johannesburg, actually in the mining camp at Ferreira's Town, Frederick and Belle opened an hotel, which according to Robin Cranko was the first in the locality. :: NPE-O
The ballet was not originally announced for the London season, but the company was persuaded to stay for an extra week and The Witch was premiered on 18 August the night before the last. :: NPE-O
In the last lived old Mr Piggott, the sexton of St Andrew's. :: NPE-O
Then the instrument was relaid with the crosshead towards the west so that the lengthening shadow gradually moved back along the hour marks to the twelfth. :: NPE-O
The following century the Greek system of dating by successive Olympiads from the first in 776 BC was begun, either by the historian Timaeus of Sicily or by Eratosthenes, the famous librarian of the Museum in Alexandria and measurer of the earth, and later Greek chronology was based upon it.  :: NPE-O
Each stage of development effectively sets the stage for the next. :: NPE-O
The second wave was fifty yards away and bigger than the first. :: NPE-O
On the first he could only straighten out to stay ahead of the whitewater; on the second he bailed out as the roof caved in. :: NPE-O
On the first he could only straighten out to stay ahead of the whitewater; on the second he bailed out as the roof caved in.  :: NPE-O
Although the English savant Roger Bacon deciphered the composition of gunpowder in the thirteenth century, it was used in the twelfth by the Moors in wars in Spain and so was probably known to the troops of Barbarossa, perhaps as a terrible Moorish secret weapon.  :: NPE-O
The period between the end of the twelfth century and the middle of the thirteenth saw several crucial innovations in weaponry and armour which helped make the medieval knight what he was always intended to be: a superb fighting machine.  :: NPE-O
It is not Naipaul's; it does not constitute the author's testament or confession on the subject of race relations and the rest of it. :: NPE-P
Metty is a misfit, as Golding's Matty is in Darkness Visible , a novel which appeared at the same time as Naipaul's. :: NPE-P
This is a book which takes for granted, and which has doubts about, the mingling of peoples, and it is a book which takes pride in its chosen people  Salim's people and, in some measure, Naipaul's. :: NPE-P
Nail on the Banister by R. Stornaway, alias R. Scott, is an eloquent Scots joke of the Thirties, and it allows one to say that Glasser's banister was a bed of nails, but that his slides may have been less painful than Fraser's. :: NPE-P
He could well have been called a victim, and his book consigns itself, as Fraser's does, to that large literature in which the sufferings of victims are recounted: but he does not see himself as a romantic orphan. :: NPE-P
Glasser's vapours are different from Fraser's. :: NPE-P
They stink, while Fraser's are mental.  :: NPE-P
With the James, we are told who did it; in the Ackroyd, the matted fellow who is the chief suspect is never very securely identified as the author of the crimes  it is almost as if the inspector could have done it: so that Ackroyd's is an authorially uncertain work in which the authorship of its crimes is uncertain too. :: NPE-P
A little earlier, a view of Eliot's has been paraphrased: that there is no truth to be found in the world, only a number of styles and interpretations  one laid upon the other in an endless and apparently meaningless process. :: NPE-P
Byron's is not the only ghost to be detected here: the cold hearts of his precursors Lovelace and Laclos's Valmont are present in Pechorin, who has succeeded in attracting a certain princess. :: NPE-P
It is clear enough, none the less, that the hero of that time is like the hero of some other times, including Hamlet's. :: NPE-P
A linguistic point was made in the course of the review  that Julian Ormerod's lounge-bar slang is continuous, in a way, with Patrick's cool utterance  and the review also made out that Ormerod's overdone good heart is continuous, in a way, with Jenny's. :: NPE-P
Philip Roth's contribution to The Facts is (as distinct from Nathan Zuckerman's) significantly milder, in relation to family matters, than what we get in these abrasive comic fictions: but then the fictions can be nice too. :: NPE-P
Bellow supported Roth's early work, and Roth's work was to bear a resemblance to Bellow's. :: NPE-P
Two of the best plays to read from this period are Tourneur's The Revenger's Tragedy , and Webster's The White Devil . :: NPE-P
Two of the best plays to read from this period are Tourneur's The Revenger's Tragedy , and Webster's The White Devil . :: NPE-P
Wilde's The Importance of Being Earnest is a must and of the large Shavian canon I suggest you read St Joan and The Doctor's Dilemma or Major Barbara to get a clear idea of his style and the kind of demands he makes of actors verbally. :: NPE-P
Read Ubu , and you can see the connections with Samuel Beckett's Waiting for Godot , and Ionesco's The Chairs and The Bald Prima Donna . :: NPE-P
And see his shipwrack and his commonweal's. :: NPE-P
He followed this with Jack Absolute in The Rivals at the National Theatre and David Mamet's A Life in the Theatre with Freddie Jones at the Open Space. :: NPE-P
In any case one person's typecasting isn't always another's. :: NPE-P
I believe the ratio of men's jobs to women's is 8 to 1. :: NPE-P
Its position on abortion itself was hardly ambiguous: the minutes of the Assembly meeting for 1982 point out [the Assembly's] opposition to abortion on demand for purely social reasons, or as a means of birth control  [and] that in exceptional circumstances, where medical abortion might be necessary, the most stringent safeguards should be provided to prevent abuse (Presbyterian Church in Ireland 193086, General Assembly (1982), p. 61). :: NPE-P
Look at Stravinsky's. :: NPE-P
He'd just tasted Mrs Venables' cake and was cutting into Mrs Feather's. :: NPE-P
Miss Pinkney's was a chocolate layer cake with cherries, angelica leaves, and pink sugar roses on it. :: NPE-P
Mrs Doran's was a Victoria sponge with toasted almonds and walnut halves carefully arranged on the top. :: NPE-P
Mrs Clancy's was a marble cake frosted white and decorated with chocolate curls and chocolate creams. :: NPE-P
Mrs Yardley's was a plain sponge, but had been lacily covered with swirls and dollops and curlicues of golden buttercream icing dotted with candied violets.  :: NPE-P
Or anyone else's.  :: NPE-P
She gave him a little push and, in a daze, he followed Dorothy and one or two of the others up the stairs to the room that had been and still seemed to be Bunty's. :: NPE-P
She's Annabel's. :: NPE-P
That's why her pastry is better than anyone else's. :: NPE-P
I think they were that Lord Something's.  :: NPE-P
He became Channel 4's first Commissioning Editor for Sport when the channel opened in November 1982 and went on to become Senior Commissioning Editor with responsibility for a wide range of programmes including documentaries and children's. :: NPE-P
While we were all getting ready for work one morning, a few days after the above conversation, one of the other girls (Martha) transferred a fifty-pound note from her handbag to the pocket of her apron, which was at that point still hanging by the door with everyone else's. :: NPE-P
Try to keep drinking to a minimum when you are pregnant, for the sake of your own health and your baby's. :: NPE-P
I feel I'm free-falling, Jay, said Lucy, her hand light and warm in Jay's. :: NPE-P
Or John and Siobhan's? :: NPE-P
And then to Dionne's for a late night supper. :: NPE-P
Felt her naked legs against Lucy's. :: NPE-P
She held a book, reached out to a tall glass of pale gold wine, a twin to Jay's. :: NPE-P
The woman's room was bare as Jay's. :: NPE-P
This chapter will examine the rules of competition from the competitors' point of view, rather than from the referees'. :: NPE-P
James at once poured him wine from a fresh jug and refilled his own glass and Cameron's. :: NPE-P
They all took a break then, to eat their oatcakes and drink jugs of beer from Anderson's. :: NPE-P
Sandy McGlashan was not yet back from Anderson's. :: NPE-P
But while he argues for general connections between the rites, incidentally ignoring the many repudiations of Gnosticism that were made of it by early Christian leaders, his viewpoint is much more balanced than Scobie's.)  :: NPE-P
She took his breath away, as she did most men's. :: NPE-P
Had she picked up someone else's by mistake? :: NPE-P
most injuries were to the head or the chest, so Alan's were unusual. :: NPE-P
Mickey Rourke was a possibility because his eyes were similar to Alan's. :: NPE-P
Trevor Newsom's face appeared to one side of Derek's. :: NPE-P
His lips touched Susan's. :: NPE-P
But the voice that replied was Godfrey's. :: NPE-P
About time, the voice was Luke's. :: NPE-P
Stephen Stich (1983) presents a case for a syntactic theory of mind which is more radical than Fodor's. :: NPE-P
She's glad Jeff's are brown.  :: NPE-P
The customs officer checks our passports, notes the absence of a visa in both the Mexicans'. :: NPE-P
Edward Aveling's interests in the signs of class were not the same as Eleanor's. :: NPE-P
Whereas Adam and Prokofiev's leitmotifs heighten the emotional content of the love theme, Tchaikovsky's are there to create the right atmosphere and to emphasise the conflict.  :: NPE-P
Mine is glittering and blue and rather fearful; the pin's is brown and disinterested. :: NPE-P
Unless you are spending a long time somewhere I suggest you simply turn up at a crag and scrounge a look at someone else's. :: NPE-P
The illustration of double ropes being used to protect a second on a traverse is incorrect; the drawing of a double-fisherman's knot is actually of a single-fisherman's; the section on rigging anchors seems very sketchy with no consideration of using the rope to equally load them, rather than slings; different types of shunt are discussed for self-protection on abseils but there is no mention of the cheap, simple prussik knot as an alternative, or the even more effective French prussik linking the controlling rope to the leg-loop of the harness.  :: NPE-P
We didn't like the food, we preferred Mum's. :: NPE-P
Danilov, The Voice observed, had probably not even begun to contemplate his murder when Dostoevsky was shaping Raskolnikov's. :: NPE-P
So it produces an odd sensation to learn, again from Anna, that this superstition was in fact Dostoevsky's. :: NPE-P
Stepan Verkhovensky kits himself up with umbrella, travelling-bag, walking stick, broad-brimmed hat, belted overcoat and top-boots like a hussar's; and  Quixote overlaid for English readers by Pickwick, the White Knight, Mr Toad  he talks the language of high adventure and the open road: there's a great idea in the open road too!  :: NPE-P
He lived in 1935 (when I last saw him) in the utmost simplicity, although if he had been a little more conciliatory he could always have earned enough for his comfort  and his wife's; but he never valued anything that money could buy as he valued the integrity of his sharp-shooting mind. :: NPE-P
The masterly masculinity of cuff may be thought to belong with Dryden's conception of the grand style more than with Virgil's. :: NPE-P
Tate, so devoted to Eliot's precedent, appears to have dismissed as amiably perfunctory the respect that Eliot, not quite consistently but repeatedly, accorded to Pound's prose-writings and Pound's literary opinions; and  so it might be argued, though this is not the place for it  Tate's own verse, and the verse of those he influenced, were the worse for having taken note of Eliot's precedent without attending equally to Pound's. :: NPE-P
Guide to Kulchur gives us Pound at his most personal, at his most deliberately vulnerable; it is here that we find him wondering aloud, for instance, if the body of his work to that date could be mentioned in the same breath with Thomas Hardy's. :: NPE-P
The italics are Eliot's. :: NPE-P
But while Burrows' concerns are revealed only tangentially, Smith's are delivered with her usual immediacy. :: NPE-P
This exercises all the muscles in the body, and in your neighbours' as well! 6.  :: NPE-P
He lost Manoj Prabhakar, carried away by the exuberance of his own and everybody else's strokeplay, but Kapil Dev survives - and he is the only Indian who has made a faster Test hundred than Azharuddin's. :: NPE-P
The Safety Director's is a delicate job, requiring diplomacy in dealing with academics and researchers traditionally used to autonomy in their laboratories.  :: NPE-P
Given time, it may also be the sporting viewers'. :: NPE-P
Bradman's and Lipton's demands on speed, cost and high-floor areas are no less than other developers'. :: NPE-P
Typically, the Birmingham man's interest in writing for television coincided with the East Anglia one's. :: NPE-P
Nordic composers around the turn of the century were not immune from quasi-medieval minstrelsy, or from routinely voluptuous piano arpeggios like Mendelssohn's. :: NPE-P
The results put into perspective the hefty pay rises recently secured by certain notorious chief executives; but they still show boardroom salaries growing faster than middle management's. :: NPE-P
And, as Mao's reputation slipped, so too did Chen's. :: NPE-P
I suppose it does not matter that this was a policy until lately dear to his heart, and even dearer to his wife's. :: NPE-P
It is not a well-drilled rally like the Conservatives'. :: NPE-P
Television, both BBC's coverage for 20 years and ITV's for the past five, not only attracted lucrative sponsorships but developed a greater interest among the young.  :: NPE-P
More seriously, his understated, meditative style is lost: the impression is that his timing is fine, the audience's is all wrong: I was talking to someone at a party the other night  he happened to mention that he was reading Virginia Woolf's letters.  :: NPE-P
Prices in some areas have dropped by between 10 and 20 per cent this year and the number of sales has been half last year's. :: NPE-P
Thus, perhaps without realising the implications, the Soviet parliament gave the go-ahead for the most revolutionary experiment here since Lenin's New Economic Policy of the 1920s: for a massive delegation of powers from the centre, permitting a single republic to create its own market-oriented economy, with its own budget, and to redraw economic rules which basically Stalin's. :: NPE-P
Tristano's was an improvised music, and part of its quality was that it wasn't as flashy and virtuosic as bebop.  :: NPE-P
If Peter Greenaway's camera is anything but a participating human representative, Gilbert's is nothing else, addressed, ogled, and even winked at by the heroine.  :: NPE-P
For now they sit like shareholders at the annual general meeting of a company whose profits have fallen on last year's. :: NPE-P
The Prime Minister has far more sympathy for Mr Ridley's view than Mr Patten's. :: NPE-P
We want industry to cut down on its own waste and make better use of other people's. :: NPE-P
And it is looking increasingly as if the date will be as much Mr Mandela's own decision as the government's. :: NPE-P
It is also premature to assume that the single European market means that rival continental financial centres will deliberately keep regulatory standards below London's. :: NPE-P
Sara Calloway, of Women Against Rape, said the 18-year-old victim's character had been put on trial and not the police officer's. :: NPE-P
Britain's leading wave-jumping event, in its fourth year, is staged in Tiree because the swells most resemble Hawaii's. :: NPE-P
This might be a glitch in the translation, but when Casaubon observes, Life isn't simple, the way it is in detective stories, the gobsmacking banality can only be the author's. :: NPE-P
In addition Gary Nesbitt, who was the non-executive deputy chairman, and Michael Isaacs, who was the development director, have agreed to a non-competition agreement, which last for two years in Mr Nesbitt's case and 18 months in Mr Isaacs'. :: NPE-P
There are various manifestos: many of the hunger strikers have put up their own, alongside Angela Kunze's. :: NPE-P
Khrushchev's was the first and only involuntary departure of an established Kremlin leader.  :: NPE-P
It is claimed this route would cost 1bn less than BR's. :: NPE-P
For a moment Mr Healey recalled Mr Powell again, saying his own Italian was better than Enoch's. :: NPE-P
He is the only major figure offering an alternative party programme which is not a watered-down version of Mrs Thatcher's. :: NPE-P
The voice was Tony's. :: NPE-P
(Though Conservative chances were always rated much higher than Labour's.) :: NPE-P
Partisanship was the main influence on Thatcher's and Kinnock's scores but not Steel's or Owen's; and even for Thatcher and Kinnock the partisan influence was weaker than on other aspects of their image.  :: NPE-P
Thus not long after the start of NEP, in a province as sleepy as Kursk, we find already the seeds of socio-economic decay, from a Marxist point of view (Yakovlev's), leading to possible political difficulties for the centre.  :: NPE-P
Northern Ireland's was heavily a public-sector economy; its rate of unemployment, at 21 per cent, was the highest in Britain.  :: NPE-P
The reunion is held every two years and although this year's was intended to be the last, organiser John Gray of Plymouth, said: Every time I say I'm not going to do it again, they twist my arm to plan another. :: NPE-P
This debate caused a reaction in the direction opposite to Frank's. :: NPE-P
He said that as a boy at school he had such experiences and wondered whether they were like Michael's. :: NPE-P
This is usually recoupable, so the band should realize that they are spending their own money on tour, and not the record company's. :: NPE-P
It may flesh-out Burbank's story, and it may strip away some of the glory from the Shakespearian version of Antony's. :: NPE-P
He tells it to an Indian friend, and soon ceases to speak the tale in his own language, substituting instead the Indian's. :: NPE-P
Tortured between the city and the savage, Eliot's was a nightmare world.  :: NPE-P
In 1924, though, Eliot has come to perceive The Golden Bough as a stupendous compendium of human superstition and folly, seeing in it increasingly less interpretation, so that it has become a statement of fact which is not involved in the maintenance or fall of any theory of Frazer's. :: NPE-P
Ranging from London to Melanesia, Eliot's artist's vision is wider than Arnold's. :: NPE-P
No matter how corny the characters in the picture postcard parish of Rathcullen, I recognised the fields, I knew the smell of Guinness from drunk men's breath, and my father wore a cap just like Darby O'Gill's. :: NPE-P
These are Genet's reconstructions, and perhaps the gulf, the void, are his as well as the soldiers'. :: NPE-P
I was still living with my parents at the time and I'd not long passed my driving test  with Bernie's assistance  so I borrowed my old man's Austin Cambridge one Sunday morning and drove over to Nick's. :: NPE-P
This new zeal was strange in a way because John wasn't really our idea, but Malcolm's. :: NPE-P
We bumped into Strummer on the corner of Old Compton Street and Frith Street, just down the road from Ronnie Scott's. :: NPE-P
When, however, internal opposition was determined, as Heseltine's was, the danger materialized. :: NPE-P
Aided by her Press Officer, Bernard Ingham, the media more and more present government policies as Mrs Thatcher's. :: NPE-P
Tom Jones, whose source was Lothian, also said that the formula was Snowden's. :: NPE-P
Keynes's was by no means a lone voice criticizing the extent of government commitments overseas, The (unpublished) Economic Survey for 1946, the Balance of payments Working party, and the Bank of England all expressed grave doubts on this score.  :: NPE-P
She had seen that instantly the next afternoon; in Rachel's eyes she recognised the same melting joy as she had seen in Lisa's. :: NPE-P
She felt furious on her father's behalf and oddly compassionate on her mother's. :: NPE-P
It was a clear diagnosis, the same as Tom's. :: NPE-P
He said he was going over to O'Neill's for an hour. :: NPE-P
At the end of the long road Reynolds' was the first house they had to pass and they started to cringe into themselves behind Moran even before they got to the little hedge of privet above the whitewashed stones. :: NPE-P
They were so intent on watching every car that they failed to pick up Moran's until it was turning slowly in the gate under the yew tree.  :: NPE-P
Dialectic is a term which he borrows from Hegel but which he uses in a very different sense to Hegel's. :: NPE-P
In many ways societies such as the Trobrianders' are obsessed with exchange, but with a form of exchange of a totally different nature to that envisaged by Marx and most economists. :: NPE-P
There were commons, some of them bridled, and there were also Brnnich's. :: NPE-P
It may not be quite what Siqueiros envisaged, but Gironella's is an authentically Mexican solution. :: NPE-P
This is the densest, yet at the same time one of the most persuasive sections of the book, wherein a variety of arguments drawn from the analytic tradition are deployed against Nietzsche's lineage: Quine and Davidson on a theory of meaning both holistic and realist  demonstrating that there are more ways out of atomism and the myths of the given than Saussure's; and an anti-relativist notion of truth as a regulative ideal derived from Tarski, Popper and Lakatos. :: NPE-P
Albeit less impressionistic and insightful, Kemp's analysis is of broader scope and greater clarity than de Santillana's. :: NPE-P
A woman can have Izzat but it is not her own  it is her husband's or father's. :: NPE-P
The women I spoke to were almost always subsidiary wage earners; the money they brought in was essential for survival but was not the main wage of the family and their jobs were often far more unpleasant than their husband's. :: NPE-P
My story is similar to Annie's in that I made the same mistake and thought of my granddaughter as a substitute child.  :: NPE-P
He put one arm around Jack's waist and the other, after a barely discernible pause, around Maurice's. :: NPE-P
Then it's all mine now, mine and Nora's.  :: NPE-P
The truculent harsh voice was Pertwee's. :: NPE-P
He remembered the scene quite vividly, taking the woman into the mortuary and uncovering the faces, Jerome Fanshawe's first and then the girl's. :: NPE-P
One was Mrs Fanshawe's. :: NPE-P
Her hand was small, but, ringless and with short nails as it was, it was like a man's. :: NPE-P
I never brushed it or nothing like I do to Marie's. :: NPE-P
She's got a friend with her  a girl with long shiny hair like Marie's. :: NPE-P
Its eyes are like glass beads  you know, like a toy's. :: NPE-P
Though the weapons and equipment are constantly modernised (the Micks got the new design of helmets two years ago, the new rifles last year, and we are due the new webbing next year), Napoleon's generals would still have recognised the discipline and aggression, as would the Kaiser's, and Hitler's. :: NPE-P
The rest of the blood seeped away from Herr Nordern's face, leaving it as white as his wife's. :: NPE-P
You're going to Frulein Silber's. :: NPE-P
Very few people, at nineteen or twenty, have the humility or cynicism to realize that their thoughts on any particular book will coincide with eerie exactitude to everyone else's. :: NPE-P
It was perfectly beastly as Warnie said in his diary, to see P's grave with its fresh turned earth and a handful of withered daffodils at its head alongside Mamy's. :: NPE-P
There are not many better books than Lewis's. :: NPE-P
Many hearts were torn out that day, among them the Prince's. :: NPE-P
She had walked away from finishing school and she had walked away from Miss Vacani's; and her parents had never sought to interfere with her freedom, or impose restrictions on her.  :: NPE-P
Polo is the Prince's game because it was his father's game and also Mountbatten's; and it is the ultimate test. :: NPE-P
So was it Diana's. :: NPE-P
Their marriage was not like anyone else's. :: NPE-P
As a teenager, I longed to have a curtain of hair like Paul McCartney's or John Lennon's. :: NPE-P
In the event, whenever I did try to grow it, it ended up looking like Jimi Hendrix's. :: NPE-P
The first big challenge was the dynamic dancer's hair, which we all agreed was bit like a Seventies pop star's. :: NPE-P
The total turnover of our top UK designers, who are so well-publicised, he says, doesn't match even Ralph Lauren's. :: NPE-P
And now societies still interested in the conversion possibility will be carefully weighing up the reception given to the Guardian scheme compared with Abbey's. :: NPE-P
They would just like to keep on playing, they claim, and if they have children they would probably use educational methods similar to their father's. :: NPE-P
But Bob's is a world of black and white: muppet and non-muppet.  :: NPE-P
Is he worried his end will be the same as Chico's? :: NPE-P
The first, featuring the American adolescent altoist, Christopher Hollyday, was uneven  Hollyday's famous virtuosity sounding faintly stiff and cramped by comparison with the local prodigy, Jason Rebello's. :: NPE-P
Peter Brook's central achievement in the television version is to seize on the screen's ability to make a seamless connection between two senses of illusion, the philosopher's and the magician's. :: NPE-P
The old revolutionary slogan All power to the Soviets is as much Mr Gorbachev's as that of the radical reformers. :: NPE-P
Even new towns may have a heart and Basingstoke's is beating warmly.  :: NPE-P
Second, the architecture should reflect that America's security  politically, militarily and economically  remains linked to Europe's. :: NPE-P
Dave Sexton, the B team manager, said Gascoigne's was the perfect midfield performance.  :: NPE-P
Nintendo's is a pocket version of its Entertainment System currently gracing over 15 million American TV sets, though it is actually incompatible with it. :: NPE-P
Other people's nationalism is never easy to fathom, but Panama's is more than usually overlaid with issues of race (white and black) and class (rich and poor).  :: NPE-P
Like many advances in scientific knowledge, Fairbanks's is rooted in a simple technique.  :: NPE-P
The tunnels, given to us by Victorians and Edwardians, are slim, with no twin-tracking-that's why we can't have an all-night service like New York's; the tracks have to be walked for maintenance and defluffing nightly. :: NPE-P
No subway system in the world (save Hong Kong's) makes a profit; in Rome, 82 per cent of public transport operating costs are met by public subsidy, in Paris, 52 per cent. :: NPE-P
The late non-appearance of Stroitel Kiev, the Soviet champions, from the men's tournament and BCN Sao Paulo, the holders and Brazilian champions, from the women's has left the line-up looking sicklier than ever.  :: NPE-P
But besides the inconvenience to the long-suffering paying customer  and Liverpool's have suffered more than any from TV whim  it begs the question of whether the tail is wagging the dog.  :: NPE-P
The Jesus and Mary Chain's perpetual twilight adolescence, cooped in their bedrooms, steeping themselves in pop and producing, years later, pop of their own, veined (like Prince's) with references and allusions.  :: NPE-P
My roots and my family's have gone deeply into the fields and woods which the General must have owned in the 18th Century.  :: NPE-P
Little did we know that it would result in one of the most amazing periods of any of our lives  including David's I'm sure. :: NPE-P
But even in a bad year like that one, US production was nearly eight times greater than the Soviet Union's. :: NPE-P
And so it has gone on, although by the end of the 1980s it was evident that the patience of even a government as dedicated to the eventual triumph of nuclear power as Mrs Thatcher's was showing signs of severe strain. :: NPE-P
To all that can be added the fact that Poland's economic crisis and its indebtedness (at $39 billion) is worse than East Germany's. :: NPE-P
The proposal by the President of the Commission, Jacques Delors, in Strasbourg on 17 January 1990 that the EC should treat the six East European countries as if they were backward regions of the Community and extend structural support to them brought gasps of disbelief from every government except West Germany's. :: NPE-P
Interesting that the offices of Yeo Davis should be very much less at the leading edge of modern design than the solicitors' which they had just seen, McLeish thought, and murmured as much to Catherine Crane, who laughed.  :: NPE-P
The first was the news from Cambridge: the samples of blood and hair collected by his long-suffering team were confirmed as a match to the dead girl's. :: NPE-P
And his assistant's. :: NPE-P
The not invented here syndrome is as prevalent in US military thinking as it is in Britain's. :: NPE-P
All are small, but Hector's is the tiniest, reaching only 1.4 metres (4 feet 6 inches) maximum length, and weighing no more than 4047 kg (88103 lb) when fully grown.  :: NPE-P
Max Baucus, chairman of the Senate's international trade subcommittee, talks of ending the Uruguay round and protecting national interests with bilateral agreements, farm subsidies and use of section 301 of America's trade act to force other countries to open their markets by threatening to close America's. :: NPE-P
Worse, only 65% of Japan's roads are paved, compared with almost all of Britain's and Germany's. :: NPE-P
America's populist politicians, who long considered big banking as anathema, now see that even America's largest banks look Lilliputian in comparison with Japan's and Europe's. :: NPE-P
At the same time, both the White House and the State Department recognise that Soviet foreign policy will be driven by Soviet national interests, and that these will not always coincide with America's. :: NPE-P
But Britain's view of the future of the EC has more in common with France's than Germany's. :: NPE-P
But Britain's view of the future of the EC has more in common with France's than Germany's. :: NPE-P
Indeed, since 1986 unit labour costs have risen more slowly in France than Germany, and by the end of this year France's rate of consumer-price inflation could be lower than Germany's. :: NPE-P
Exports to Germany are equivalent to 15% of Holland's GDP, 12% of Belgium's and 11% of Austria's, compared with only 4% of France's and 3% of Italy's and Britain's. :: NPE-P
While commercial-property markets in America, Britain and Japan are in the doldrums, Germany's is still booming. :: NPE-P
Even without that decision, there are already signs that the new Berlin market will resemble London's. :: NPE-P
IT HAS become clear these past few years that London's investment houses are rather worse at managing their own affairs than their clients'. :: NPE-P
Marshal Akhromeev admitted that his views differed from Mr Gorbachev's. :: NPE-P
Both firms have low headquarters costs  last year BTR's were less than .5% of net profits. :: NPE-P
Forecasting doom is a habit of Mrs Prophet's. :: NPE-P
In all of Asia only India had more cases  and India's population is 15 times Thailand's. :: NPE-P
Other countries' budgets are less frivolous than America's, but the process is stretched out and therefore less exciting than Britain's. :: NPE-P
Britain's is content to debate it all after the decisions have been made, and then pass the lot virtually unamended. :: NPE-P
The standards it sets on promotion are lower even than Britain's. :: NPE-P
By contrast, forecasts TRC, a British consultant, East European spending on equipment (including Russia's) could double to $30 billion by 2000, not far behind that of America's.  :: NPE-P
By contrast, forecasts TRC, a British consultant, East European spending on equipment (including Russia's) could double to $30 billion by 2000, not far behind that of America's. :: NPE-P
FOR the first time since April 1987 America's stockmarket is again bigger than Japan's. :: NPE-P
If sociobiologists have tended sometimes to describe higher societies (such as man's) too much as if they were simpler ones, some entomologists have been guilty of the reverse.  :: NPE-P
Yet an unsuccessful war in the Gulf might have left Mr Solarz vulnerable to the charge that he had put Israel's interests above America's. :: NPE-P
The estimated cost of the project, which includes a port and transport links as well as the airport proper, took everyone's breath away, not just China's. :: NPE-P
But with defence spending already falling away (this year's defence budget is 78% in real terms below last year's), the chance looks bleak. :: NPE-P
Many of them are losing their jobs, but they cannot move to Serbia because its economy is in even worse shape than Croatia's. :: NPE-P
This has not undermined Hong Kong's competitiveness, however, because Hong Kong's overall labour productivity is still rising faster than America's. :: NPE-P
For instance, other EMS currencies account for 72% of the French franc's trade-weighted basket, and the dollar accounts for 44% of the yen's. :: NPE-P
Mr Saegusa calls the finished piece an ode to Mozart from the Orient, explaining that the new music is his own, rather than a supplement to Mozart's. :: NPE-P
The Americans refused to confirm publicly that the embassy was Iraq's. :: NPE-P
Several French bankers stormed out of one meeting, grumbling that Britain's legal standards had sunk to the level of Venezuela's. :: NPE-P
And banks say that John Major's Treasury and local-government ministers have given them a more sympathetic hearing than Margaret Thatcher's. :: NPE-P
It may be that the gap between Mr Yeltsin's policies and Mr Gorbachev's is too great. :: NPE-P
As Mr Khalil points out, the arch is both a literal image of Mr Hussein (those are his arms and no one else's), and a giant reflection of how he sees himself.  :: NPE-P
Since these could not be tasted while Iraq's oil revenues were low, Mr Hussein sought to raise his revenues by stealing Kuwait's. :: NPE-P
An English-speaking population half the size of Cuba's is scattered over 2,000 miles, from the Bahamas in the Atlantic to Guyana on the American mainland  more still, if you go by way of Belize  complete with more than a dozen governors-general, parliaments, prime ministers, judiciaries and bureaucracies. :: NPE-P
Britain's tax burden could be 15% lower as a share of GDP than the rest of the EC's. :: NPE-P
If industry is anyone's slave, it is these people's. :: NPE-P
Britons complain about it all the time: nominal interest rates at 1520%, depending on the borrower, make most managers believe that their capital costs more than anybody's. :: NPE-P
Their Soviet-made weapons do not fit with the West's. :: NPE-P
Well-laid plans are all very well, but things beyond the control of economists or politicians can make one country's reform happen faster than another's. :: NPE-P
The European Council began to meet in 1974, at the prompting of France, which wanted the EC to have a guiding authority similar to the French presidency's. :: NPE-P
With $1.5 billion of coffee exports last year, Colombia's share overtook Brazil's for the first time.  :: NPE-P
But she did not know our ways and her complaints or corrections were harsh by comparison with my mother's. :: NPE-P
None of Edward's have survived, but to judge from the cross-references in the forty-five extant replies from Helen  which Edward preserved carefully and in order for the rest of his life  he wrote about sixty between 15 May and 27 July 1896. :: NPE-P
Just yours and mine, no one else's . :: NPE-P
I saw eyes as unkindly as stuffed fox's. :: NPE-P
They always had to be constrained in public, Sundays or not; and if anything they were less so on Sunday, when sometimes their clothes were pretty, and at least were seldom black, navy blue or grey as the men's were invariably  .  :: NPE-P
A hair was stuck to it, a red one, the boy's. :: NPE-P
They're my Dad's. :: NPE-P
Even now as he stood there by the kitchen table he could see Caspar closing in on the weaker lamb, and he could hear that weird and terrible wailing of Lee's. :: NPE-P
They were passing Mrs Wright's. :: NPE-P
Looking at it he saw that it was Mrs Wright's. :: NPE-P
It was hers, Mrs Wright's. :: NPE-P
It's hers, Mrs Wright's. :: NPE-P
He was shivering, and his teeth were chattering like Philip's did when his Dad had kept him in the swimming bath too long. :: NPE-P
The SDLP-sister-party line is a particular favourite of Kevin McNamara's. :: NPE-P
My responsibilities are European, so are Mark's. :: NPE-P
He closed the door behind him and walked slowly down the corridor until he reached the top of the marble staircase, passing his own office and Pat Muldoon's without wishing to take a last look. :: NPE-P
(He had always had difficulty remembering exactly when her birthday or any other girl's was.) :: NPE-P
 If Anthony was somebody else's he could at least have the decency to shut up about it like his mother had. :: NPE-P
The third level of fantasy also involved a funeral  his wife's. :: NPE-P
 He found it and rang it, giving exactly the same sort of excuse as Eleanor's. :: NPE-P
Then there were free samples of pile ointment, Bob Martin's for constipated dogs (she was a bitch, he reasoned) and contraceptives. :: NPE-P
 The man's lips were narrow and pale where the boy's were full  almost swollen. :: NPE-P
 Nor his father's. :: NPE-P
 A woman's. :: NPE-P
 If not, murmured Doyle, you will know that Harriet Shakespeare has chosen to save those important lives  instead of saving her son's. :: NPE-P
 Gloria said he only went along with her because of the housing shortages, because he knew he was lucky to have a room at all, even if it was only half a room at Mrs Parvis's. :: NPE-P
 Dot wanted to be back in their room at Mrs Parvis's. :: NPE-P
 Back at Mrs Parvis's. :: NPE-P
 Lovely fresh butter from the herd down at Mrs Elphinstone's. :: NPE-P
 People didn't even know most other people's names let alone their dogs'. :: NPE-P
 The lamb had a nice expression rather like a kitten's. :: NPE-P
 There was nothing like this back at Mrs Parvis's. :: NPE-P
 Back at Mrs Parvis's was an indoor world. :: NPE-P
 Dot remembered how the bowl of each spoon at Mrs Parvis's was stained a streaky brown, and bent crooked at the shaft, with NAAFI stamped on the handle. :: NPE-P
 They sported knives like Jordi's. :: NPE-P
 I feel my heart beat like a boy's [AC6 936] On Christmas morning, in a house of toys. :: NPE-P
There were bitter memories of broken love for Alan, a good-looking Londoner I had fallen for while I was still at Madame Sheba's. :: NPE-P
 His blond stubble was silky and made his mouth as exciting as an adolescent boy's. :: NPE-P
 Such a loving heart as Richie's is rarely found. :: NPE-P
 I might go round to Bella's. :: NPE-P
 Fleming's didn't. :: NPE-P
And when he died of drink in 1957 it was to a strangely quiet Press, considering that only just before his fall he was supposed to have the support of fifty per cent of his countrymen, according to the polls, and a power almost greater than the President's. :: NPE-P
The paradox continues that each side's military-industrial complex guarantees the prosperity of the other side's. :: NPE-P
He felt bold enough to ask her: What made you run out of Mr Zamoyski's? :: NPE-P
It's obviously old, just like Vic's. :: NPE-P
 They were all bitterly jealous of Sweetheart because she was so clean, with beautiful hands, long painted nails and a face like a film-star's. :: NPE-P
 Taking cuttings and collecting seeds will ensure that next year's garden is even more colourful than this year's [ACX 325] Note any gaps in the flower borders that can be filled with other plants next year. :: NPE-P
He wondered, briefly, whether it would be repulsive making love to an intersex, even one whose enhancements were as familiar to him as Zambia's. :: NPE-P
 Tammuz put his hand over Roirbak's. :: NPE-P
 He put a hand on her shoulder, and then one on Nathan's. :: NPE-P
 Of all the voices of the Establishment, wrote Henry Fairlie in 1959, the British Broadcasting Corporation's is the most powerful. :: NPE-P
 The sacrament was Christ's, not the minister's. :: NPE-P
 The kind of society which came into being in Europe was a more homogeneous Christian society, less differentiated than Augustine's. :: NPE-P
 It is always salutary to question whether edicts are obeyed, and it is true that many of Charlemagne's do not emphasize sanctions but assume a sense of shared moral responsibility throughout society. :: NPE-P
 When I put the mop on my head, I didn't want dreadlocks, I wanted blonde hair like Sindy's. :: NPE-P
 Al-Shiraa's was a small piece, about the clandestine visit by McFarlane to Tehran in May. :: NPE-P
 The whole operation was for Reagan's sake, as well as the hostages'; it was a present for him, preferably one to be delivered by Christmas, or by the State of the Union address in January, or by the elections in November. :: NPE-P
 But looked at in its full historical perspective, Karajan's career from 1929 to 1949 was as subject to trauma, disruption, and the vagaries of the times as the next man's. :: NPE-P
In this, Salzburg is no different from Bayreuth or Glyndebourne or the fledgling Rossini Festival in Pesaro, where first-night tickets comfortably outstrip Salzburg's. :: NPE-P
 She was lolling in bed, her mouth wet and slack like a gormless child's. :: NPE-P
 And Simon made his mouth hang open, like Marie's did when she was con fused. :: NPE-P
 :: NPE-P
 We can't get into much trouble at Mona's. :: NPE-P
 Clarissa, Charles and I ran into Colonel Bumford  Oh Bumford, I see the connection  the other evening at Mona's. :: NPE-P
 Charles unbuckled his ski straps and stuck skis and sticks in the snow beside Peregrine's. :: NPE-P
 No space is devoted here to anybody's feelings, not to Isaac's, nor the servants'. :: NPE-P
 Complete love, such as God's is, demands all. :: NPE-P
Now Esau's birthright is truly Jacob's. :: NPE-P
Are we not presented in the stories of Christ's passion and crucifixion with a picture of God at men's (and it is men's , not women's) mercy? :: NPE-P
If the God of 1 Samuel 4 refuses to play Israel's game, in chapter 5 he refuses to play Philistia's. :: NPE-P
The practical problems are that there may be no evidence of violence on the woman's body, which usually means that the case will be a question of the victim's word against the defendant's; this may lead the police to be sceptical of the woman's complaint, or may incline the prosecutor to accept a plea of guilty to the lesser charge of indecent assault. :: NPE-P
 I've got enough troubles of my own without watching other people's. :: NPE-P
I was almost too tired to eat in the old, flagged kitchen hung with gleaming copper pans and jelly moulds, but the macaroni cheese was as good as Aunt Bedelia's. :: NPE-P
 I'm fed up, I don't make much dirt so why have I got to spend my life cleaning up other people's? :: NPE-P
Madonna's career is not dissimilar to Cher's. :: NPE-P
The Dutch market, which like Denmark's is export driven, only more so, and is heavily reliant on bacon exports to the UK, began a rise at the end of June, but last week prices dropped 7% and the fall looks like continuing. :: NPE-P
Combines are just beginning to move in the midlands, with harvest start dates well adrift of last year's. :: NPE-P
 There's a useful 159lb ft torque at 2100rpm just after the turbo comes on stream, and the lighter three-door has all the power it reasonably needs, even though it is not as smoothly delivered as the Shogun's. :: NPE-P
 On top of a worker's take-home pay, we are charged 53% of it in social security payments  that is 15% employee's contribution and 38% employer's. :: NPE-P
 Or are they gleaming and pristine like a cabinet minister's? :: NPE-P
 The United States population increased by twenty-eight million in ten years, at a rate even faster than India's. :: NPE-P
 The established, and now publicized, fact that women's sexual capacity increases with age, at least until the late twenties, and stays at this peak for decades, while men's is already declining, came as a shock both to men, who suddenly discovered they were the unlucky sex, and to women who had not realized what they had been missing. :: NPE-P
 Jayne Mansfield's were insured for a million dollars.  :: NPE-P
 I also loved The Flintstones , I wanted to have a car like Fred Flintstone's with my feet poking out of the bottom, said Kylie. :: NPE-P
 Violet reads poetry, she offered by way of explanation, especially Mrs Browning's. :: NPE-P
 This birth was so quick and easy, Wilson could not think it the same process as Oreste's. :: NPE-P
 Ferdinando's were the stronger. :: NPE-P
 She no longer wrote to Ferdinando nor to anyone else except Ellen and these were dutiful enquiries after Oreste's health with reports of her own and Pilade's. :: NPE-P
 For this reason there were no candidates' addresses, no attempts to persuade the voters that one candidate's policies were better than another's. :: NPE-P
 One anthropologist who studied an even more elaborately created system of autonomy than the Zuwaya's has been criticized for ignoring routine and frequent contact between autonomous leaders and state governments: so it is academically important to probe into the actual relations of Zuwaya and Magharba with the Turkish authorities. :: NPE-P
 Between father and son, also, some things specifically belonged to one or the other: a child's bicycle was his, not his father's. :: NPE-P
 No one, Perkin said, his voice an echo of Tremayne's. :: NPE-P
Yes, except that while I was pulling Harry along to that far corner to give him better support, someone opened the main door above our heads, like I told you, and then went away without saying anything, and I heard a car drive off, which might have been Harry's. :: NPE-P
 I shall be the first writer at an Inaugural since Frost at John Kennedy's. :: NPE-P
 Rushed along through the dark, their faces soon settled to the same blank, tranced appearance as everyone else's. :: NPE-P
She received warm applause, and during the interval respectable queues formed before her table of books, as before N'dosi's. :: NPE-P
 I admired their good humour, especially Surkov's. :: NPE-P
 If, therefore, minorities created insecurity, in Scotland it was not the crown but the nobility who suffered, making hay, no doubt, while the sun shone, but knowing that in the end the sileage would be the king's. :: NPE-P
 Elizabeth's upbringing was certainly at the other end of the spectrum from Mary's. :: NPE-P
 Spurgeon's was the greatest single influence in ensuring that the Greeks were never totally defeated. :: NPE-P
 He also said, to the delight of those Nonconformists who read his memoirs, that Watson's tour was far more successful than Matthew Arnold's. :: NPE-P
 Thomas of Milton, warden of Inglewood Forest from 1222 until 1265, had the right to hunt hare, fox, wild cat, wolf, badger, otter, marten, squirrel and all woodland beasts save hart and hind, fallow buck and his doe, wild boar and sow, which are the king's. :: NPE-P
 Marie Grubbe's was a story of love. :: NPE-P
 Even Joy Prentice had her arm linked through Caroline's though they were almost too tired to walk. :: NPE-P
You got nobody's interests at heart but Jackie Tiptoe's. :: NPE-P
Todger's mind was made up if nobody else's was. :: NPE-P
 His wife smiles at him adoringly, her mouth as red as Snow White's. :: NPE-P
Cos I've put it up. <vocal desc=laugh>  Yes. :: Ack
But we haven't introduced each other have we? No. <vocal desc=laugh> :: Reject
<pause> We're involved in some other organizations as well <pause> would you mind <trunc> s </trunc> going next? Yes. :: Ack
<pause> Margaret's husband. <pause> Margaret. :: RepAck
<pause> Anne said she worked in a factory at one time. Popcorn factory? <vocal desc=laugh> :: CE
Would that be okay for you David? Yeah. <pause> :: AffAns
The final paragraph on <unclear>  Erm <trunc> i </trunc> erm on the first page, I'm sorry. :: Filler
What am I supposed to do? Yeah. :: Ack
Do you know what the product was? KitKat. <pause> :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> Another thing I found out today was <pause> do we know where our <trunc> m </trunc> main supplier of our coffee is? Which country? :: CE
Which country is er the biggest single supplier of coffee to this country. <pause> Kenya. :: ShortAns_arg
Which country is er the biggest single supplier of coffee to this country. <pause> Yemen. :: ShortAns_arg
Which country is er the biggest single supplier of coffee to this country. <pause> Brazil. :: ShortAns_arg
It's Uganda. Uganda. :: RepAck
And another sixteen percent is the other <trunc> Ne </trunc> Nestle coffee <pause> erm Blend Thirty Seven which I used to drink a long time ago and others <vocal desc=laugh> and twenty two percent is er <pause> Maxwell. :: Filler
And you want to know whether it would be more expensive. Mhm. :: Ack
I mean, Nestle had to abandon that. Mhm. :: Ack
I mean, Nestle had to abandon that. Yes. :: Ack
Well, yes, I suppose one of the questions you could ask is, is there a boycott against the company? Right. :: Ack
They moved the Hoover factory from France to Yes. :: Ack
It's really a question of finding out where the material is coming from and knowing what the conditions are like there. Mm. :: Ack
Some things they're obliged to tell you where those come from aren't they? Yes. :: Ack
I have thought of a question. Good. :: FactMod
Erm because as Moira said that Kraft is erm <pause> now what was she saying, what was she saying Kraft is the same as <pause> Craft? :: CE
Erm because as Moira said that Kraft is erm <pause> now what was she saying, what was she saying Kraft is the same as <pause> Traidcraft? :: CE
Traidcraft? No. :: Reject
Erm because as Moira said that Kraft is erm <pause> now what was she saying, what was she saying Kraft is the same as <pause> Maxwell. :: Filler
I think I'll give you some homework that you could do for the week. Right.  :: Ack
based on, what we do today will be based on Okay. :: Ack
How many notes are there in a scale? Eight. :: ShortAns_arg
Eight. Right. :: Ack
So each one of those is going to have a <pause> a name of its own Yeah. :: Ack
You, you've probably heard that name before. Yeah. :: Ack
Or in the key of G it would be A. A. :: RepAck
<pause> The mediant is the third degree of the scale Yeah. :: Ack
Dominant means that it's important doesn't it? Yeah. :: Ack
So that becomes submediant. Right. :: Ack
So the dominant is five notes above the tonic and the subdominant is five notes below the tonic. Right. :: Ack
So the dominant is five notes above the tonic and the subdominant is five notes below the tonic. Yeah. :: Ack
That <trunc> jus </trunc> if, if you can keep the <pause> <trunc> th </trunc> the descriptions in your mind as well it just helps you to, to remember why each one is called that. Yeah. :: Ack
Did you have to go as far as that? No. :: Reject
No.  Right. :: Ack
No.  Okay. :: Ack
C to E major third. Major third. :: RepAck
But it is actually called a perfect octave as well. Okay. :: Ack
You have C to D flat. :: Filler
That becomes a minor second. Right. :: Ack
Fourths and fifths you don't have minors.  Right  :: Ack
That's the sixth. Minor sixth. :: HelpReject
So you've then got a minor second, a third, a sixth and a seventh. Right. :: Ack
must have, if it hasn't got another letter name then it's not a second is it? Yeah. :: Ack
Now you can also have diminished intervals for the fifths and fourths. Alright. :: Ack
C to A would be <pause> A double flat which would on a keyboard be a G. G. :: RepAck
Do you have to go through the minor? No. :: Reject
bigger. Oh yeah. :: Ack
So it's going the other way. Right. :: Ack
So that would be a D sharp. A D sharp. :: RepAck
Which is two whole semitones less than the major interval Yeah. :: Ack
And then you're gonna have a minor interval from each of the major intervals. Yeah. :: Ack
A diminished interval from any of the intervals. And an augmented from any of the intervals as well. :: ConjFrag
And an augmented from any of the intervals as well. Right. :: Ack
Let's call it by its proper name, tonic. Tonic. :: RepAck
Augmented fifth would be a C sharp. Right. :: Ack
C flat. C flat. :: RepAck
That's a fourth. Oh yeah. :: Ack
That's right. Yeah. :: Ack
That's right. Okay. :: Ack
That's what we normally use it for and erm <pause> what I'm going to do if that's okay is I, I'll describe the erm <pause> the actual theory to you Mm. :: Ack
And I've got a little chart that I'll give you to do that on. Mm. :: Ack
And then erm we'll have three readings, really, of erm <pause> where you come Mm. :: Ack
One of which is this erm estimate that you'll do now. Mm. :: Ack
And then you've filled in a works situations Mm. :: Ack
questionnaire, and that gives us another reading. Mm. :: Ack
And then there's the proper questionnaire and I've scored that up. Right. :: Ack
So we get three readings. Okay? :: CheckQu
Now erm <pause> oh you've got a pen. Excellent. :: FactMod
The way it works is that the theory, the theory actually erm er has four dimensions. Mm. :: Ack
And the idea is that that's the midpoint and there's a one to ten scale going each way. Mm. :: Ack
And the theory is that every individual has an innate inborn preference for behaving at one end or the other. Okay? :: CheckQu
Are you right or left handed? Right handed. :: ShortAns_arg
How did you feel while you were trying <shift>? Er really strange actually. :: ShortAns_arg
and er I have a real problem with using my left hand. Oh interesting. :: FactMod
Erm and er the other thing about it is that although we have to look at, in order to discover the preference, we have to look at each dimension as a discrete entity, once you've found the preferences, they actually have a dynamic relationship with each other. Right. :: Ack
works. Okay? :: CheckQu
works. Okay. :: Ack
This, this dimension is about er where you prefer to focus your attention and where you get your psychological energy from. Okay? :: CheckQu
Erm and then, they may share. Right. :: Ack
to write, or something to buy in town, or whatever you know Mm. :: Ack
They thought it over and they've worked out, and they're not gonna come. Right. :: Ack
Do I put a cross? Yes. :: AffAns
It's about perception. Mm. :: Ack
And erm prefers to focus on future possibilities rather on present reality. Mm. :: Ack
<vocal desc=laugh> and erm feeling on the right. Feeling? :: CE
Feeling? Yeah feeling. :: RepAffAns
So it's a very logical impersonal sort of approach. Okay? :: CheckQu
Do you do you get an idea? Yeah. :: AffAns
And they don't like it. Yeah. :: Ack
You due a line today? Yeah. :: AffAns
Time fairly belts in doesn't it? Mm. <pause dur=8> :: Ack
<pause> There we are, scallywag. Right. :: Ack
You're full of catarrh. Mhm. :: Ack
You think so? Yeah. :: AffAns
Just, just, just go home and go to bed. Aha. :: Ack
And even if I go to bed I can't sleep. Aye. :: Ack
You think so? Yes. :: AffAns
I mean, anybody says boo to me, I'm bubbling. Aye. :: Ack
But er we'll see you in four weeks. Four weeks? :: CE
Four weeks? Four weeks. :: RepAffAns
I want to see that you're coming along alright. Right. :: Ack
Peace and quiet after that. Aye. :: Ack
Peace and quiet after that. For a for a wee while. :: BareModPh
For a for a wee while. For a wee while, yes.  :: RepAck
Er, it's a wee problem I've had for a <pause> say about a year now. Mhm. :: Ack
I seem to get an awful lot of, it's like Aha. :: Ack
dry flaky skin. Yeah. :: Ack
and under my chin. Mhm. :: Ack
all different stuff, it's no good. No. :: RepAck
Right, let's get it cleared for you. Good. :: FactMod
I think I left it too long. No no. :: Reject
I should have seen you afore now. No. :: Reject
You'll need to watch your soap, Aha. :: Ack
Yeah I thought it was soap. Mhm. :: Ack
Er shampoos. Shower gels and things like that? :: CE
So what, what would you recommend that? <trunc> We </trunc> <trunc> ba </trunc> Johnson's Baby Shampoo. :: ShortAns_arg
<trunc> We </trunc> <trunc> ba </trunc> Johnson's Baby Shampoo. Aha. :: Ack
Because it's got the, it's the one with the fewest er <unclear> detergents, Aye. :: Ack
and you use this stuff for about a month <pause> use this <unclear> stuff is quite soft. Aha. :: Ack
This is highly perfumed stuff. Aha. :: Ack
<pause> Just a wee drop like that. Mm. :: Ack
I, I've <unclear> tubes of that E forty five, Aye. :: Ack
and I plastered it, Aye. :: Ack
Aye, just watch the kind of soap you use, Aha. :: Ack
I'll write a letter to Chris <unclear> And other people. <u who=PS1WT> :: ConjFrag
And other people. <u who=PS1WT> Not to other people. :: HelpReject
Not to other people. Right. :: Ack
so I know what I'm talking about? Yes. :: AffAns
I would try F ten. Just press F ten? :: CE
Just press F ten? Yeah. :: AffAns
If you press N N? :: CE
Erm what do you want to call it? Mumsy. <u who=PS1WU> :: ShortAns_arg
Erm what do you want to call it? Letter to mum. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm what do you want to call it? Mum. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm what do you want to call it? Mumsy. <vocal desc=laugh> :: ShortAns_arg
Call it mumsy then. Mumsy? :: CE
Oh so if you press enter it'll come down one line. Enter. :: RepAck
Oh so if you press enter it'll come down one line. Or return. :: ConjFrag
Or return. That one? :: CE
That one? Yeah. :: AffAns
<pause> That's it, that's delete, that one's backspace. Right. :: Ack
And then if you put your initials. <vocal desc=laugh> My initials. :: RepAck
You can guess who the typist is. S L P. <pause> :: ShortAns_arg
And what's the subject? Letter. :: ShortAns_arg
What are, what's the main point of the letter, what's it about? Love. :: ShortAns_arg
Love. Okay. :: Ack
<unclear> press Y? Yeah. :: AffAns
Now do you know how to print? <u who=PS1WT> Shift F seven. :: ShortAns_adj
Now do you know how to print? <u who=PS1WT> Shift, shift F seven. <u who=PS1WS> :: ShortAns_adj
Pardon? F seven. :: ShortAns_arg
F seven. With shift or not? :: CE
With shift or not? No, just F seven on its own. :: HelpReject
Cos you've already saved it. Right. :: Ack
No I don't think it's this do you? No. :: Reject
Try F one F one again and we'll get <u who=PS1WU> Shift and F one? :: CE
Shift and F one? No just F one F one. :: HelpReject
And now shift F seven. F seven. :: RepAck
I haven't <trunc> she </trunc> pressed shift there we are. Right. :: Ack
Ah no we haven't discussed it yet. <vocal desc=laugh> Oh superb. :: FactMod
What was it German and French? No French and standard Dutch. :: HelpReject
Sorry what were the erm things that related to personality? Intelligence and suitability and particular occupations. :: ShortAns_arg
And second one is a book by <sic resp=LONGMAN> Beardsmoor </sic> and he <unclear> sheep says about <shift new=laughing> the Canadian <trunc> soc </trunc> social <shift> psychologist  :: Filler
Erm that's <trunc> a b bit </trunc> too But it's it's about <pause> Appalachian English? <unclear> Appalachian. :: RepAck
Appalachian. Okay. <vocal desc=laugh>  :: Ack
Who's this book by? Luhmann L U H M A double N. :: ShortAns_arg
In such social social settings linguistic differences become important boundary markers that require careful cultivation. Good. :: FactMod
Erm <pause> it's talking about glide reduction. What what reduction? :: CE
What what reduction? Glide. :: ShortAns_arg
Glide. Glide? :: CE
Glide? Yeah. :: AffAns
Erm <pause> Oh yeah substitution of A for What's that with an A and a U <unclear>? Er ow? :: CE
Er ow? Ow. :: RepAffAns
<unclear> I'm a little bit confused <unclear> there and I can't get it out. Honest. :: FactMod
Honest. Okay. :: Ack
What is it on WordPerfect? Hm. :: Ack
Yes, but with differences and we don't always <unclear> the same message. Okay, right. :: Ack
Has anyone got any other things to add to that? No. :: Reject
<pause dur=10> Has anyone read anything about turn-taking in conversation? Yes. :: AffAns
and you erm <unclear> you know your next big <unclear> and the <unclear> mean a <unclear> signals as to whether or not it sort of the floor's being offered. Mhm. :: Ack
Whereas women hardly ever overlapped <unclear> Mhm okay. :: Ack
What's Can you remember what the point in a conversation is where a speaker has a chance to to become a new speaker? T R P :: ShortAns_arg
Erm the the <unclear> somebody speaking includes erm address someone to make it really obvious who the next speaker's going to be. Mhm. :: Ack
Er women were also said to be polite, diffident, verbose and deferential, which What all of those? :: CE
What all of those? Mhm. :: AffAns
I'm not saying this is actually correct but this is the traditional view. Okay. :: Ack
I'm not saying that the same person thought of these two things at once, but Okay. :: Ack
And then they kept their language <unclear> kept the language. Right. :: Ack
Erm Well not that I've come across yet <unclear> I'd rather do something that's <unclear> getting the facts and then giving examples. Mhm. :: Ack
<vocal desc=laugh> There <unclear> Oh that's why we're not doing it any more, so what do we have to do instead of having to do an essay <unclear>? Just an essay. :: ShortAns
Oh, they decided not to give us quite so much work? Mm. <unclear> :: AffAns
Got to do a marathon tomorrow. Why? :: Sluice
I'm I'm I'm a bit confused. Your doing what? :: CE
I'm I'm I'm a bit confused. Historical linguistics? :: CE
pile you've got there. That five there? :: CE
No but how much do you think they cost? A fortune I expect. :: ShortAns_arg
How much do you think? Three hundred pounds. :: ShortAns_arg
Three hundred pounds. More. :: HelpReject
How much do you think? A thousand pounds. :: ShortAns_arg
A thousand pounds. More. :: HelpReject
How much do you think? Eleven hundred quid apparently, just that. :: ShortAns_arg
Who's produced them? <u who=PS270> Golly. :: ShortAns_arg
Who's produced them? <u who=PS270> Somebody anyway. :: ShortAns_arg
Who's produced them? <u who=PS270> Oh Andrea Andrea <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> :: ShortAns_arg
She didn't even say, This is what it is. Yeah. :: Ack
I want to know what, <unclear> work with <sic resp=LONGMAN> unemploye-ed </sic>, is. Unemploye-ed. :: RepAck
I taken one thing, I think there's one here Allan. Mhm. :: Ack
Was that had we and I know we mentioned it when we met last time, but was that really we're including in E O work with the unemployed . Mm and presentation skills. :: ConjFrag
I <trunc> won </trunc> I wonder about, on interviewing skills for all staff, Mm. :: Ack
What do you want to call it? Just careers guidance. :: ShortAns_arg
And it's called enhanced careers guidance. Individual careers guidance actually. :: HelpReject
So it's it's enhanced careers guidance. For individuals. :: BareModPh
It's it it's more than sort of a ten minute slot in a staff meeting. Yeah. :: Ack
I think, one was <pause> summaries of guidance, Yeah. :: Ack
There won't be that many going though will there? To Plymouth. :: BareModPh
Oh I've got it here, evaluation. Oh right. :: Ack
Sorry there's a subgroup of the the national management initiative. Right. :: Ack
I know but erm if I don't see <unclear> I'm gonna crack. Ah. :: Ack
<pause> That's the results <unclear> about ten minutes ago, an hour ago. Yeah. :: Ack
She doesn't like it in that new place . No no. :: Ack
Who's that? My Aunty Peggy <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">. :: ShortAns_arg
Her daughter died of cancer and then a year later her  Oh right.  :: Ack
It would have shown? Aye. :: AffAns
So I'm definitely not pregnant? Definitely not pregnant. <unclear>  :: RepAffAns
Was it May you changed my pill wasn't it? Mhm. :: AffAns
Trinordiol. Mhm. :: Ack
Now <unclear> see if we get whether I can get us fitted in. Mm right. :: Ack
You hold on to that. Right. :: Ack
Er and we've got your new phone number. Aye. :: Ack
You're not married yet? Yes. :: AffAns
I got a prescription last week, Mhm. :: Ack
Aye, that's how, where I knew it wouldn't wanna go there. Ah. :: Ack
See when I'm walking I can actually hear something in the back of  Aye, creaking.  :: Filler
<unclear> Eh <pause> now this is strong stuff, never take it on an empty stomach. Never. :: RepAck
<unclear> Eh <pause> now this is strong stuff, never take it on an empty stomach. Right? :: CheckQu
<shift new=whispering> Yeah. <shift> <pause> <unclear> Great. :: FactMod
There's a good painkiller in those and there's the stuff to scatter the bruising as well. Good. :: FactMod
so I've got to have my breakfast first? Aye, <unclear>. :: AffAns
I need a a few more tablets of the yellow ones, the <unclear>. Oh right, right. :: Ack
Yes, oh aye, aye, just use it for the month Charlie and then, and then in the bucket, don't keep using it after that. Aha. :: Ack
Oh they're okay erm just one thing, erm I went to the dentist up <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> over there in <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> Street, and he made a mess of filling two teeth. Mhm. :: Ack
and only pay him further eight pound or whatever . Whatever, yeah. :: RepAck
It's a lot of money. Aha. :: Ack
<unclear> When I went first he took one out there and he took it out clean, but this one here, in actual fact he gave me a stitch, and when the stitch wasn't in you could see the tooth protruding a bit. Oh right. :: Ack
And erm but when he took the stitch it's covered it up. Right. :: Ack
<unclear> I just wish it was all over, like now I had to last out until the thirty first of March, which I did do. Mhm. :: Ack
I'm forty, nearly forty five in January. Mhm. :: Ack
But now I'm just deciding I'll live off invalidity benefit for a wee while longer, leaving that in the hands of my my managing director and somebody else <unclear> and the money that's coming through from the Queen and whatever I'm just gonna live on invalidity benefit, I'm only drawing invalidity benefit, I'm not gonna get any more money than invalidity benefit. Okay. :: Ack
So with this going on we found our company would get on better if I had collateral so I wrote to this boy and asked him for a million and put it in a trust fund that I would get after his death, and we <unclear> that way so okay. Right? :: CheckQu
But erm, I <trunc> woul </trunc> what, erm, I also, the <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> Hotel, we bought that the same way, they were selling that back and making quite a fair bit of profit, investing the money in arable land. Mhm. :: Ack
So <unclear> but he thinks I've got away with it but the pus in my mouth right now Aye. :: Ack
But I'm <unclear> the rest of the cream. Mhm. :: Ack
I've got pain in my in my my jaw. Right. :: Ack
the Queen, <pause> Alexander <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">, Sir Alexander <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">, me, and and the piano player. Aha. :: Ack
I I forget his name, but it's all coming back, <unclear> little children in <unclear> well that's not bad isn't it, <unclear>. Not bad, not bad at all. :: RepAck
No I I think it's just a really bad case of M E again . Yeah , yeah. :: Ack
weeks now, Yeah. :: Ack
dreadful. Yeah. :: Ack
That's right and I'm very depressed. Yeah. :: Ack
able to come here on my own. Yeah. :: Ack
Yeah but er it really has knocked me for six this time. Mhm. :: Ack
Erm I think it's probably that infection that I had er Yes. :: Ack
That thrush or whatever it was . Yeah. :: Ack
I think it worried her a bit. Yeah. :: Ack
but they're certainly <trunc> no </trunc> not so severe. Yeah. :: Ack
Do you find they respond better if you take Dihydrocodeine when they're there as well? Yes. :: AffAns
Yes. Yeah. <unclear>  :: Ack
And maybe it's a very shallow down-slope but still on a down-slope. Mm. :: Ack
Two months, cos you seem stable . Two months.  :: RepAck
They've got people who've been on it for years and years. Mm. :: Ack
So that's what we have to check from time to time. Mm. :: Ack
It's safe if you <trunc> st </trunc> stick to the speed limit. Usually. :: PropMod
hormone cream? Yes. :: AffAns
Well it's better but it's not right . Yeah. :: Ack
Find I'm down to using it twice a week now . Twice a week. :: Filler
used it this week. Alright, okay. :: Ack
to what it was. Oh good good. :: FactMod
<unclear> I mean the advantage of that is you get <trunc> loc </trunc> You get the local benefits without generalized side-effects. Mm. :: Ack
But I'm actually using more and more of this cream, as I realize that er if you direct it towards the right part of the body in the right people, Mm. :: Ack
But it's important we keep <trunc> other </trunc> An eye on the other things, keep other things ticking over and things like the hormone cream and the lithium will be a help in that. Yeah. :: Ack
I mean it's it's always a <trunc> com </trunc> I mean the whole of life is a compromise but especially with this. Mm. :: Ack
But you can't overdo the mobility cos you get very very tired. Yeah. :: Ack
All else being equal, I would say October with the lithium level and then we're gonna have our review of lithium. Okay? :: CheckQu
There should be enough cream there now for four to six weeks on a twice weekly basis, but if you run out just give a ring in. Right. :: Ack
the current in that resistor. <u who=PS29T> Er the current in that resistor? :: CE
<vocal desc=yawn> <pause> Erm I've gotta work out the current of the twelve volts first. Right. :: Ack
remember what that is? Erm resistance one <pause> plus resistance two divide by is it? :: ShortAns_arg
and you were getting very close to it, Yeah. :: Ack
I, I have the feeling that it helps you to see it written down Yeah. :: Ack
I don't know, do you agree with that? Yeah. <u who=PS29S> :: AffAns
Now are you certain about that? Yeah. :: AffAns
Yeah. Good. :: FactMod
the resistance the same the current goes up. Current goes up. :: RepAck
It's a steady pressure trying to push that through, and we increase the resistance, we make more resistance Less current. :: BareModPh
So less current, <u who=PS29T> okay? :: CheckQu
if you have R ten times what it was in the <trunc> pres </trunc> the previous one, you'll now only get a tenth of the current out. Yeah. :: Ack
And erm the, what, how would you work out, think of a practical example, how would you work out the wattage erm <unclear> if you know the current? Erm the wattage if you know the current. :: RepAck
Er let's say it's about two point four kilowatts. Mm. :: Ack
Er let's say it's about two point four kilowatts. Two point four kilowatts. :: RepAck
mean you, you know these things, you know roughly what the wattage of a Yeah. :: Ack
And you know what the voltage is Yeah, two forty. :: ShortAns_arg
Yeah, two forty. Two forty. :: RepAck
So what's the tie up between those? Ten times two forty. :: ShortAns_arg
T V is rated at <pause> a hundred and twenty watts, right? Mm. :: Ack
How big a fuse would you put in it? Okay? :: CheckQu
How would you think about that? Watts is equal to voltage times current. :: ShortAns_adj
Watts is equal to voltage times current. Right. :: Ack
So you've <unclear> done is rewritten your equation, Yeah. :: Ack
So now you've got your equation. Yeah. :: Ack
So it's a half amp so what sized <trunc> fu </trunc> and they would probably give you erm, are you going to use a three amp, a five amp or a <trunc> fif </trunc> or a thirteen amp fuse? Yeah. :: Ack
So you're okay on that you, you've got from thinking oh I'm stuck on the other, I've nowhere to start, Yeah. :: Ack
must be the other way round, cos that's not right. Okay? :: CheckQu
So going back to the parallel, have you had any thoughts about it? Parallel :: CE
Parallel Resistance in parallel. :: ShortAns_arg
Have you got your text books, with you? <u who=PS29T> Yeah. <u who=PS29S> :: AffAns
Cos I don't, I don't want to do much of, I know you <unclear> you want me to show you. Yeah. :: Ack
and a certain amount coming through this pipe. Yeah. :: Ack
Now would it be a smaller pipe, a bigger pipe or what? Bigger, than both of them. :: ShortAns_arg
A bigger pipe has got <trunc> m </trunc> more resistance. Less resistance. <u who=PS29T> :: HelpReject
Less resistance. <u who=PS29T> Yeah. :: Ack
So again, everything comes back to quality and the C E D G being er essential <trunc> a </trunc> <trunc> a </trunc> and really er a building block for our future survival. <shift new=whispering> Okay <shift>. :: Ack
You might have to find your own chair actually. Oh right. :: Ack
can you just alter the third one to the thirty first of August ninety three? Which one? :: CE
Which one? That one. :: ShortAns_arg
Which one? That one you had your pen on. :: ShortAns_arg
two please. Okay? :: CheckQu
Is it group four's erm plan? Group four. :: RepAffAns
Do you want to make a note of that? Mm. :: AffAns
Alistair <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> erm he's, he's made himself er he has made himself coordinator. And section engineer. :: ConjFrag
And section engineer. And section engineer. :: RepAck
Project engineer is Brian <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">. Right. :: Ack
We haven't got some of our headings <unclear>. No. :: Ack
They've made that up I think. Mhm. :: Ack
They've made that up I think. Mm. :: Ack
That's against what, sorry? project remit. :: ShortAns_arg
That's against what, sorry? Project remit. :: ShortAns_arg
Our works bridges responsibility statement not completed. Yeah. :: Ack
No milestone dates quoted. No milestone. :: RepAck
And er project meetings not allowed for. No allowance project meetings. :: RepAck
No cross-sections. No cross-sections. :: RepAck
Right, Doctor I'm here for a er prescription for <sic resp=LONGMAN> Endoril L A </sic> <unclear>  Pink? :: CE
Well I'll tell you <unclear> I, I, I was here last month and you know Doctor <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">? Mhm.  :: Ack
that for three months. Yeah. :: Ack
She told me to come back to get my blood pressure checked again. Right.  :: Ack
<pause> You're not getting any funny fits from that at all, June? Er no. :: AffAns
Er no. Nothing? :: CE
Er no. Excellent. :: FactMod
that's really only a problem in the winter time. Aye. :: Ack
You will be getting very cold weather Aha. :: Ack
Er the heating had broken down and I don't know whether it was <vocal desc=cough> because of the heating or because of the tablets or whatever but they're, they're alright now. Yes. :: Ack
It wasn't, it definitely wasn't the tablets because <trunc> i </trunc> if, if it had done that to you, it would have been all day. Aha. :: Ack
through the twenty four hours. Right. :: Ack
but I have actually seen all of the others. Right. :: Ack
Yeah you've met, have, am I the last? Erm so yes in a sense. :: AffAns
What I did was prepare a supplementary form to the one that we had at the management team meeting Right. :: Ack
which lists the activities erm that we'd referred to before, on the original note Yeah. :: Ack
points. Yeah. :: Ack
Erm they'll probably all common off quite a bit. Yeah. :: Ack
And I'll look and see what ways we can collect the data erm to provide the er the intelligence if you like. Right. :: Ack
in which case we can disregard because it Yeah. :: Ack
So you'll know what the others have already said Okay. :: Ack
Well I wouldn't er I don't expect most things will <unclear> completely <unclear> but anyway we'll see. Yeah. <u who=PS21C> :: Ack
Erm number of part time centres, half day sessions, Yeah. :: Ack
And to be honest I wouldn't have argued if anyone had said whole day. Yeah. :: Ack
would include satellites <shift> like erm Northallerton. :: Filler
would include satellites <shift> like erm Askham Bryan :: Filler
In the north it would include Northallerton Grammar School and the Y C A P annexe. Yeah. :: Ack
that's actually an additional one that you've put in? Yeah. :: AffAns
Yeah. Yeah. :: Ack
Number of sixth form students erm seen in the last year. Yeah? :: CheckQu
And the number of special schools' students and pupils, pupils seen, in years ten upwards. Yeah? :: CheckQu
Yeah? Right. :: Ack
And in some organizations they would not be working for us any more Mm. :: Ack
or they'd have been in a different position Yeah. :: Ack
where sickness wasn't a such a crucial issue. Mm. :: Ack
Erm and I mean I've had a recent bereavement, I mean I, I lost my mum at Christmas and got three days leave. Mm. :: Ack
This person's had to <unclear> three and a half weeks. Mm. :: Ack
And not from bereavement but because of the, the consequence of the traumatic shock of their eighty eight year old father passing away. Mm. :: Ack
Erm it's not fair on that division. No. :: Ack
It might, but if say we said over a year, and we said there're a total number of fifteen members of staff, Mm. :: Ack
It might, but if say we said over a year, and we said there're a total number of fifteen members of staff, yeah? :: CheckQu
Was it all concentrated in one person? Yeah. :: AffAns
Or all across, if it's all across the, the division then that's a major problem of organization or something. Mm. :: Ack
going to be more keen on that area of debate than, than their colleagues. <u who=PS21B> Yeah? :: CheckQu
Can I just go back to <gap reason=anonymization desc=address> Yes. :: AffAns
is that <gap reason=anonymization desc=address>? <gap reason=anonymization desc=address> yes. :: RepAffAns
How long would you camp up there? For about a week. :: ShortAns_adj
Did you have any other school holidays? No only at Easter and Whitsun, Christmas. :: HelpReject
I do anything, roam about, go harvesting on the harvest fields. Go harvesting? :: CE
Oh yeah plenty and we caught them all but we weren't allowed to keep them. Why not? :: Sluice
Did you say <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> school? <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> school. :: RepAffAns
What was the school like? Hard. :: ShortAns_arg
Hard. Hard? :: CE
Hard? Yes. :: AffAns
You got the cane for actually talking? Oh yeah talking <unclear> yeah. :: RepAffAns
that was in the place called <gap reason=anonymization desc=address>. <gap reason=anonymization desc=address>, that was in the middle, more or less in the middle of the town. :: RepAck
And you called that the manual? The manual school, yes. :: RepAffAns
Was five o'clock your usual finishing time? Usual finishing time at school five o'clock. :: RepAffAns
What time did you start in the morning? At eight o'clock. :: ShortAns_adj
How old were you then? How old was I then, nine or ten. :: ShortAns_arg
Was it a coal fire? Coal fire and er scrubbed the cabin out like that, soda water and soft soap. :: RepAffAns
So you cooked on the fire as well? Yeah cooked, we done everything on the fire :: RepAffAns
All <trunc> re </trunc> even the engine room was steam cos you had the bucket <unclear> depth of dredging on that ladder was thirty six feet that's what <unclear> dredger can go down so far with the buckets going round and they used to dredge about thirty six feet. Actually go down and thirty six foot of water? :: CE
Actually go down and thirty six foot of water? Down yes. :: RepAffAns
All <trunc> re </trunc> even the engine room was steam cos you had the bucket <unclear> depth of dredging on that ladder was thirty six feet that's what <unclear> dredger can go down so far with the buckets going round and they used to dredge about thirty six feet. Dredge down? :: CE
And then when you dredged across <unclear> again cos you used <trunc> t </trunc> you always went er, you always had er er say every foot he had with a piece of spunyarn in the wire Spunyarn? :: CE
Spunyarn? Spunyarn, yes :: RepAffAns
And this, so these were attached to what? Just a bit of wire. :: ShortAns_arg
Just a bit of wire. Just a piece of wire? :: CE
And we had to maintain our own crane.  crane paint it? :: CE
Chip and paint up the top of the jib. Chip it? :: CE
Well the <trunc> cr </trunc> the jib went up and then it came down like that, well that swan neck on the <trunc> cr </trunc> that used to be what they call level oven, cos as <trunc> y </trunc> as you lift your crane out, so this part would come up. The end? :: CE
How were they loaded? Into these, just a crate, and they used to get the old pigs and they used to shove 'em in there, shove the trap down, and they used to load them on the ships, they went back to Poland. :: ShortAns_adj
Oh yes, they were all fed properly, looked after alright, but they all, they told me they were all pedigrees but I doubt cos I don't know whether that's the truth, but they reckon in Poland when things were bad, when they unload them, they'd make some excuse that one of these pigs got out and run away and course they used to catch it er, somewhere they used to catch it and that was their fee then. For food? <vocal desc=laugh> :: CE
Cos they <unclear> they used to come in here for water and bunkers you see. Water and? :: CE
Oh, no <trunc> ch </trunc> that was government money weren't it? Government? :: CE
unload the boats? unload the boats, yes. :: RepAffAns
That's right they had to go on a rota. Run by the Dock Commission? :: CE
Run by the Dock Commission? Run by the Dock Commission. :: RepAffAns
See the dockers then all got together and they said right so many men for that job, so many for that job and that didn't matter who they were, they had to <unclear> their job, all the way round the dock. Whether they wanted to go on that job or not?  :: CE
When was this? Oh that's er, I would say about nineteen forty roughly <vocal desc="clears throat"> I'd say about nineteen forty that came in, might have been before that. :: ShortAns_adj
Could they not get any welfare benefit? No. :: Reject
Oh, yes I did, oh yes, it was more of a job, it was, <unclear>. In what way? :: Sluice
And what was that used for? Well for slings, getting bags out of the hold <pause dur=6> see the whole job was so interesting, when you were doing these jobs that was interesting all the time. :: ShortAns_adj
They wouldn't do it, no. Why? :: Sluice
Oh they changed on account of all containers you see. Yes. :: Ack
What sort of sailing ships were they? Well three masts, four masts, ships :: ShortAns_arg
for a week, and <trunc> th </trunc> that in the holds then they were all, that was, we was hauling sacks, what they used to call erm and they used to bring 'em out, out of the hold on a, on a winch, and put them on the scale and weigh 'em and that's what they used to call catch weights. Catch weights? :: CE
That's the only thing he ever done to go and catch weight on all <unclear> wire. Catch or ketch? :: CE
Catch or ketch? Catch, catch, catch weights. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> Are you still on your <sic resp=LONGMAN> Froben </sic> Aye. :: AffAns
Aye. Still on the <sic resp=LONGMAN> Froben </sic> What about the <sic resp=LONGMAN> Tylex </sic> :: RepAck
I've told him and he gave that wee white one and it's, I still take the kind of, but I do go on them you know, when I'm really bad. Aye. :: Ack
But this pain's down in here, it's Right. :: Ack
It's the sickness, it just, you seem to take in every kind of sickness with it. Even with the wee tablet. :: BareModPh
Even with the wee tablet. Yeah. <pause> :: Ack
I've given you something to kill the pain, Cathy, and I've given you an antibiotic Aha. :: Ack
Right disk number four? Three. :: HelpReject
And you can <unclear> it's alright, it'll only ask and say I don't like it, put the proper one in, silly idiot. Probably yeah. <event desc="stapling sounds"> :: PropMod
<pause> Er <pause> yeah you get loads of nice things, you get paintbrush <pause> er calculators, Card file even. :: Filler
Quite a good word processor. A word processor? :: CE
A word processor? Which is <trunc> vag </trunc> it's basically a subset of Word. :: BareModPh
Quite a good word processor. Which is <trunc> vag </trunc> it's basically a subset of Word. :: BareModPh
I mean obviously what they want you to do is buy Word. Yeah. :: Ack
Are they on <trunc> WordPer </trunc> WordPerfect at work? Yeah. :: AffAns
Course there are versions of Windows for the Two Eight Six. Yes. :: Ack
I wonder if that would be worth getting? Probably not. :: PropMod
They weren't very good. No :: Ack
Windows Three Eight Six is no good to you? No. :: Reject
<pause> Oh it's got a passable er database called Cardfile. Yeah. :: Ack
and erm when I, when I installed it I was very pleasantly surprised, at the <pause> basically at the number of useful little applications that they threw in with it. Mm. :: Ack
and Windows flash system. Good. :: FactMod
I should have had <trunc> MyMa </trunc> MyMouse in there and then it would have picked up the <trunc> MyMo </trunc> MyMouse driver. Mm. :: Ack
<unclear> I only actually sort of drink <unclear> want a coffee or something? Yeah, yes please. :: AffAns
What's this? <sic resp=LONGMAN> Amipro </sic> :: ShortAns_arg
<sic resp=LONGMAN> Amipro </sic> <sic resp=LONGMAN> Amipro </sic> :: RepAck
The Holy Spirit is one who <pause> gives us? Strength. :: Filler
Strength. Strength. :: RepAck
<pause> The Holy Spirit is one who gives us? <pause> Comfort. :: Filler
Comfort. Yes. :: Ack
Comfort. True. :: FactMod
The Holy Spirit is the one who <pause> gives us? <shift new=whispering> Protection. :: Filler
<pause> Can you think of anybody? <unclear>? Erm Martin Luther King? :: ShortAns_arg
Erm Martin Luther King? Martin Luther King. :: RepAck
<pause> Can you think of anybody? <unclear>? Romero. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> Erm <pause> I think that's about it really. Okay. :: Ack
Saturday <unclear>. Twenty first? :: CE
Can you go Fay? Yeah. :: AffAns
I'll <pause> find out for next week. No. :: Reject
That's no good because the mass is on Thursday. <shift new=whispering> Which Thursday <shift>?  :: CE
<shift new=whispering> Which Thursday <shift>?  this Thursday coming. :: ShortAns_arg
You don't know when? No. <vocal desc=laugh> :: Reject
No. <vocal desc=laugh> Right. :: Ack
Was that for training? Yeah. :: AffAns
Well, you want a lot of money, don't ya? To do it well. :: BareModPh
You gotta feed it properly <unclear> Mm. :: Ack
Oh what we call Waterhall. Waterhall? :: CE
Waterhall? Yeah, where you come down that hill from the boy's grave. :: ShortAns_arg
You see a house on your left, don't you, pass the house on your left, well all on the right is a what they call the Limekilns. Yes. :: Ack
Till you get traffic lights. Yes. :: Ack
During the war you had to grow food on it, you said. What? :: CE
During the war you had to grow food on it, you said to me. Food. :: RepAffAns
Whereabouts did it fall? Outside the picture place. :: ShortAns_adj
Oh, it didn't interfere didn't interfere with <trunc> th </trunc> didn't interfere, the only thing about it, you had to do everything in daylight, there were no lights allowed at nights, you know. Mm :: Ack
Oh, it didn't interfere didn't interfere with <trunc> th </trunc> didn't interfere, the only thing about it, you had to do everything in daylight, there were no lights allowed at nights, you know. No electric lights. <vocal desc=laugh> :: RepAck
You didn't have none of this. No electric lights. <vocal desc=laugh> :: RepAck
Did the horses do as well? Yeah, oh yeah. :: AffAns
which, so that you got the stables shut up before it got dark at four o'clock, ain't it <unclear> Mm in the winter time mm. :: BareModPh
Did racing continue the same during the war? Racing? :: CE
Or, or were they different in your childhood? No, always the same. :: HelpReject
Ah yeah, you can't stop people, <unclear> The July Course? :: CE
The July Course? The July Course, you see. :: RepAck
What royalty did it belong to? What? :: CE
Which royalty did it belong to? King, King, <trunc> K </trunc> King Edward the Seventh. :: ShortAns_arg
King, King, <trunc> K </trunc> King Edward the Seventh. Edward the Seventh? :: CE
Edward the Seventh? Yeah, the seven, and em er diamond jubilee or summat like that. :: RepAffAns
If you'd got the sack What? :: CE
What about in days gone by? What? :: CE
What about in days gone by? Days gone by? :: CE
He, they used to go out and do all the outside work for him. All the horses? :: CE
All the horses? Yeah. :: AffAns
who was gonna <pause> axles and the bicycles and everything like that. But in Newmarket with the racing stables. :: ConjFrag
then across from there to there. From side to side. :: BareModPh
So it's like marking the points out on a horse, with crosses? Yeah. :: AffAns
You see, and so we went to oh Inverness, Aberdeen and across to the Isle of Skye, and down the Skye and back across the water to Mallaig you see and er then we stayed one time at Fort William and because I love Scotland, so did he and erm and, and then and all <trunc> r </trunc> and then, and another thing, erm, this is before I married erm I went down, oh no, both of us, that's right, we went down to stay at erm not, not Portsmouth er Southsea er there, there's a place near there, next door <unclear> Eastbourne? :: CE
Eastbourne? No, not Eastbourne, erm :: Reject
You see, and so we went to oh Inverness, Aberdeen and across to the Isle of Skye, and down the Skye and back across the water to Mallaig you see and er then we stayed one time at Fort William and because I love Scotland, so did he and erm and, and then and all <trunc> r </trunc> and then, and another thing, erm, this is before I married erm I went down, oh no, both of us, that's right, we went down to stay at erm not, not Portsmouth er Southsea er there, there's a place near there, next door <unclear> Gosport? :: CE
Janet posted a letter for me last week to a friend who I worked with at Ipswich, she was one of the girls behind the counter and at the moment they, her and her husband, he, he, he, he was on the, he finished up but he started as a lad in the kitchen but he finished up as a chef on the dining cars and they married and er and they've got er two children erm they're married to and, and we kept, we've kept in touch with each other for sixty years Yes. :: Ack
sixty years, I wrote to her last week and I had a letter from her the week before Yes :: Ack
and we've kept in touch and they live up er <sic resp=LONGMAN> Witton Churchley </sic> Oh yes :: Ack
You know you say you lived in at Ipswich Station? Yes. :: AffAns
Erm, didn't, at Needham Market didn't people live in there or <unclear> main entrance? Where? :: CE
Where? At Needham Market Station. :: ShortAns_adj
He must be eighty, because I mean there wasn't all that much difference in our ages. You don't know where he went to when he left? :: Ack
How many were working there, how many girls were working there then at Needham? Only me. :: ShortAns_arg
board, over the door In the church? :: CE
In the church? No, no, in the school, er in the er, no it wouldn't be in the church, no :: HelpReject
No, no, in the school, er in the er, no it wouldn't be in the church, no <unclear> in the school, oh :: RepAck
No I don't know whether hers was on, but I know her brother's was, you see, I, he died of course. Yes. :: Ack
Then there was you Yes. :: Ack
Then there was you and two clerks :: ConjFrag
and two clerks And two <trunc> t </trunc> these two lads er :: ConjFrag
So there'd be two clerks and two lads? No, one clerk :: HelpReject
So there'd be two signalmen, would there? Yes. :: AffAns
Oh, now, is it really? Yes, yes. :: AffAns
Right, well <unclear> did you, you went to school obviously locally? Yes. :: AffAns
Where actually were you working? At <gap reason=anonymization desc=address>, I never moved from there. :: ShortAns_adj
Casual wear, jeans and <shift new=laughing> open necked shirts <shift>, no caps, <trunc> no </trunc> Mm. :: Ack
<unclear> <trunc> du </trunc> during this during, before the war, it was trolley buses? Yes, yes. :: AffAns
I, I couldn't be adamant about the date of those but er <trunc> c </trunc> the reason that motor buses came in is because it was too costly to extend trolley bus routes. With, with putting up new, new cables? :: CE
At this time then after the war, how many vehicles were there running? Oh dear <vocal desc="clears throat"> I suppose seventy odd a day. :: ShortAns_arg
It was its last run and it finished up at Priory Heath <pause> erm <vocal desc="clears throat"> was on the Gainsborough route. Why those routes? :: Sluice
It, I think I had a good life there and I've got no regrets <pause> I think to be public transport is, is a good thing. Oh yes, right. :: Ack
Mm, it was the eleventh of October nineteen thirty nine. Mm. :: Ack
They always assumed that er, the disabled were two years behind the normal child so that er Mm. :: Ack
I was much more interested in football and cricket really, but erm, anyway, I left in the July of nineteen thirty nine when things were getting <pause> a bit erm dubious in the international sphere and erm Mm. :: Ack
<pause> Well erm <pause> erm <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> had a word with erm <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> who was about oh fourth in line in the erm education hierarchy in those days and erm <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> <vocal desc="clears throat"> then spoke to <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> who was the Chief Education Officer and er, I think they were a bit erm, bit apprehensive about employing a blind typist because erm it was something that they had never had any experience of <pause> but in the end they thought it was worth a try and er especially after supporting me at the College and erm also perhaps they had in mind that <vocal desc="clears throat"> many of the erm employees would be leaving if war broke out and erm, in fact by that time war had probably started Mm. :: Ack
You were the first blind person to be employed in the County Council?  In the County Council, yes. :: RepAffAns
Mm, well there have been subsequent erm employees of course but Mm. :: Ack
I felt that it was a bit of a responsibility to erm, to justify the <shift new=laughing> employment <shift> of Yes. :: Ack
well <shift new=laughing> yes, yes <shift> I wondered whether I'd got it right you know, it sounded just a silly thing to ask and erm and I erm had to consider that <unclear> probably asked whether I had erm made a mistake in my shorthand <shift new=laughing> before, before <shift> I actually typed it but erm, anyway they seemed erm reasonably satisfied and everybody was very kindly and erm considerate and Mm. :: Ack
How did you travel? By, by bus mhm  :: ShortAns_adj
confident really Mm. :: Ack
but anyway, erm people used to be very helpful and erm Mm mm. :: Ack
so I managed for a few weeks and then I went to lodge with my sister at Trimley Mm :: Ack
They had two or three different bus services and erm, the bus went past County Hall so that it was quite, Mm. :: Ack
In fact there were very few guide dogs at that time and erm I've never felt that erm it's, I mean maybe <pause> just my <pause> erm silliness really but I, I never wanted a dog lying about all day because once at the office I stayed put as it were until it was time to go home and I could have taken the dog I suppose during the lunch hour but I preferred that time to erm to reading Mm. :: Ack
and just relaxing and erm in any case as I say er guide dogs were few and far between at that time Mm mm. :: Ack
and I've never wanted one since because er luckily I've got erm my wife who, we get about together. Mm. :: Ack
Yes it's erm <pause> it was seventy five pounds a year at age nineteen Mm. :: Ack
and erm I actually received twenty seven and twopence a week, to start with it was paid weekly but subsequently erm we went on to the monthly erm payments and er but that's what I had and er <pause> I used to pay my sister fifteen shillings a week for, for lodgings. Mm. :: Ack
I think it was about forty four Mm. :: Ack
but of course erm as a sort of public to the er, er a gesture to the public erm but one stage during the war when things were getting a bit grim on the war front, it was decided that erm, we should work extra hours as erm, <unclear> to show that we were pulling our weight <shift new=laughing> <unclear> <shift>, so we used to, instead of starting at nine o'clock until erm half past five, and working on Saturdays as well of course, erm, we had to start at half past eight and finish at six and it was a bit of a fiasco really because nobody erm, you know, well the end of the half past five you were pretty well tired out so erm the rest of the time <pause> Mm. :: Ack
you were really kicking your heels and erm quite apart from which in the winter time the er conditions were pretty grim because they had the erm anti-splinter netting over the windows and erm big blinds which had to be drawn as soon as it was dusk because er, of course you weren't allowed to show a light and erm if that was <unclear> it became really thick Mm. :: Ack
mm, I don't think the cleaners were all that erm good at their job, I mean they, they were, er perhaps that's a bit unfair to them to say that because erm the collection of dust was erm <shift new=laughing> pretty dreadful <shift> Mm. :: Ack
with all the books and files around and er, it became, anybody with any chest troubles erm Mm. :: Ack
found it <trunc> v </trunc> very difficult cos erm atmosphere as I say was erm really dreadful Mm. :: Ack
it got very hot and erm stuffy and unpleasant Mm. :: Ack
so erm, and that went on for, I suppose till the end of the war when er, when we had a reduction in hours again, we went back to the normal nine till half past five. Mm. :: Ack
and erm <pause> I don't know what the idea really was, I think it was possibly so that erm, that people concerned with the Committee Meetings could erm sort themselves out and Mm. :: Ack
at least as far as I can remember. Mm mm. :: Ack
Oh, yes, yes , its erm, erm County Hall of course was the County Control Centre for erm air raid precautions Mm. :: Ack
erm, <trunc> ca </trunc> before I go on to that can I just erm tell you what erm, where we worked? Yes, certainly, sorry. :: AffAns
Erm, the archway from St Helens is still there isn't it? Mm, yes. :: AffAns
Now just on the left as you go under the archway there was a small door Mm. :: Ack
Erm, <trunc> interest </trunc> interestingly enough erm Cyril <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> was very friendly with er Tom's son Kenneth who was erm Planning Officer in some area now Sussex Mm, mm. :: Ack
I think but continuing down the corridor erm which was all the Education Department, you came to the typists' room right at the bottom of the corridor on the left Mm. :: Ack
and then erm turning right you went past the ladies' cloakroom and before you got to the door out into erm Grimwich Street Mm. :: Ack
there was a large room which was the Control Room and er in there they had erm four, three or four erm telephones which were manned constantly for twenty four hours Mm. :: Ack
We're talking about East Suffolk of course Yes. :: Ack
not erm the whole of Suffolk and erm the County Hall staff as a whole was divided into six shifts, erm and each shift was on duty for twenty four hours a day, for twenty four hours on Mm. :: Ack
and erm so that erm the shift that was on say Sunday, would erm erm be on again on the Saturday and so it erm, you know you got a different day Mm. :: Ack
each week and erm, the shift which was on duty say on Sunday would have Monday off, they were, they could erm go home on Monday Mm. :: Ack
They were always erm, making caustic comments about the entries in the, in the log book which the telephonists had to keep, erm, of the messages that came through Mm. :: Ack
<shift new=laughing> as you could imagine <shift> because erm they had all the whole building to erm to roam about in Yes. :: Ack
and er, I think the younger people quite enjoyed it but the older ones, of course, found it bit of a bind, er particularly after erm the sort of patriotic fervour Mm. :: Ack
wore off a bit, I mean there was erm, everybody was feeling very patriotic at the beginning of the war but after four or five years the erm novelty wore off Mm. :: Ack
Was there any financial incentive for Not <trunc> re </trunc> no, no, no, no.  :: Reject
But erm <pause> as far as financial incentive goes, erm <pause> it was about a year or so after erm I started there I think when er they introduced it, the erm war bonus, which was a supplement to normal salaries Mm. :: Ack
But erm there were one or two little hiccups of that sort where erm temporary staff were erm regarded as a bit er <unclear> second rate citizens <unclear> Mm. :: Ack
and erm, with all the erm younger men and some of the girls of course er, volunteered for the services Mm. :: Ack
er we had quite a number of married women coming in to er, to work as part of their war effort and erm, so that <pause> there was quite, there was quite erm <pause> quick turnover of staff at that time Mm. :: Ack
and erm <pause> to be fair to them, I don't think that erm some of them were particularly interested in, <shift new=laughing> in their work <shift> and er Mm. :: Ack
story. Yes. :: Ack
Very, very little really, erm we had contact with other Authorities of course, in the course, in erm er particularly in connection with evacuation, erm <pause> evacuation took up erm quite a lot of staff and, and time at that er particularly initially because erm Suffolk was in a peculiar position or at least the East Suffolk was, erm at the beginning of the war of course erm East Suffolk was an evacuation, er was erm a reception area Mm. :: Ack
and erm it was really remarkable because er, I mean presumably the Germans were told about it and erm kept <unclear> U-boats and <shift new=laughing> <unclear> <shift> and the <unclear> from shipping out the er Mm. :: Ack
and erm, then of course when they reached Felixstowe, everything was a bit chaotic because <trunc> th </trunc> they had to sleep on the floor in the schools down there Mm. :: Ack
Did evacuation just take place over two or three days or? Yes, mm mm, :: AffAns
Yes, mm mm, Mm. :: Ack
but erm it had sorted itself out after, well more or less after a week or two a lot of the evacuees of course didn't stay very long, they went back home because erm <pause> I know mother had a, a little boy from erm Guildford when we lived at Debenham and er he went back after a while, the mother used to come down and visit him from time to time, they were very, came from very poor circumstances and the Mm. :: Ack
mother used to spend most of her time in the local when she did come and er Mm. :: Ack
in the end she took the children home with her, erm it was so different from what they'd been used to in those erm Mm. :: Ack
East, well in the East End particularly, Guildford was not much better Mm. :: Ack
but erm <pause> erm <pause> anyway <pause> the erm children were absorbed into the schools of some sort Mm. :: Ack
Then he went erm into the Navy for a short time and for some unknown reason he managed to get out of the Navy and came as Mr <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> 's Personal Assistant and erm one of his jobs was to erm get these <trunc> pe </trunc> children sorted out and I used to write no end of letters for him to erm places like erm Ilford and Wanstead and mainly the northern suburbs of London erm about certain children who had been attending central schools which were something, which were something that erm East Suffolk couldn't offer and erm trying to decide whether they ought to go to grammar school or one of the area schools as they <trunc> we </trunc> then were Mm. :: Ack
in Suffolk and erm most complicated situations we got into. Mm. :: Ack
The erm billeting actually was dealt with by a section connected with the er County Accountants Department Mm. :: Ack
which subsequently became the Treasurers <pause> and erm <pause> they used to erm collect the contributions from, from parents and there again I got involved because they were short of typists at one time Mm. :: Ack
And er oh you er it's social work you're interested in is it? Yes. :: AffAns
Well, and what experience have you got? Not very much. :: Reject
bits to this would be erm I ran er a youth group in Ladywood which was er central Birmingham. Oh yes. <unclear> <u who=PS2MX> :: Ack
And er we did a couple of weeks erm teaching in schools and we helped run a erm a lunching club for old people. Oh yes. :: Ack
Well that I mean that <trunc> t </trunc> to get them in yeah that's the sort of thing we started with erm playing pool and er table tennis and that. Mm. :: Ack
you know a ten, fifteen minute discussion and stuff like that. On <pause> what sort of topics? <u who=PS2MX> :: Sluice
On <pause> what sort of topics? <u who=PS2MX> On <trunc> r </trunc> on religious topics mostly. :: ShortAns_adj
how did they <pause> sort of cope with their relationships or anything like that? No. :: Reject
the sort of thing that cropped up. Yeah. :: Ack
So I mean it doesn't, I mean, I mean the point about social work erm <pause> you know doing <pause> er some experience is I think so that you actually experience the erm <pause> sort of <trunc> so </trunc> the, the group dynamics of people who are in trouble and can't cope. Mm. :: Ack
If I were you I'd put the earphones in. Yes. :: Ack
If you put the earphones in can we just test first of all what's working? Yeah :: AffAns
Tukuse the only one where you move the choker or if you speak up just a little bit. A little bit louder. :: BareModPh
A little bit louder. Okay erm  :: Ack
Everybody still hears? Yeah Anne, yeah. :: AffAns
Right that's it. Right. :: Ack
Would you explain to us what subject you've chosen Mhm. :: Ack
and why you chose it Yes. :: Ack
and which newspapers you think, even if you haven't made a final decision Mhm. :: Ack
Six o'clock news erm And seven o'clock and nine :: ConjFrag
So she watched television and erm <pause> Princess Diana erm <pause> said something shocking at lunchtime at a luncheon party or lunch party and erm <pause> maybe just erm ten days before that Princess Diana's announcement we were told by the Register Teacher that we will have an assignment of in February and we will compare some newspapers articles and maybe she didn't explain very erm specifically but she just gave us erm the brief information about er register assignment in February and she told us that we should er we should collect some newspapers <pause> about the same title was about the same <pause> topic and <trunc> ho </trunc> we should compare how each newspaper treated, treats the <pause> er news or <pause> what do you call that? Well the news item the story, the story. :: ShortAns_arg
So the next day it was <trunc> Sa </trunc> Saturday er Saturday morning we went to <sic resp=LONGMAN> Jameson </sic> er <pause> can I call that that shop? Yes <sic resp=LONGMAN> Jameson </sic> yes, yes <unclear> :: RepAffAns
Yes <sic resp=LONGMAN> Jameson </sic> yes, yes <unclear> Okay <sic resp=LONGMAN> Jameson </sic> er Bookshop in George Street and we bought six newspapers <pause> tabloid, three tabloid or er three  :: RepAck
<unclear> sheet. Broadsheet. :: RepAck
Peter, would you like to talk about language register in tabloids and broadsheets? Okay. :: AffAns
But very often I think tabloid journalism is interesting in terms of language <unclear> because it's very punchy it's succinct because <trunc> i </trunc> <trunc> i </trunc> in some of our terms you might find people into a three minute reader and a thirty minute reader <pause> because in attention span and intellectual capacity are quite different <pause> but to actually condense something <pause> into meaningful short bursts, even if they are politically biased actually requires a certain amount of skill I would suspect <vocal desc="clears throat"> the clarity index which I can't find is the process that I mentioned the other night where you take <pause> erm some people call it the fog index <pause> a <pause> correct me if I'm wrong in my figures, but I think it's a piece of something like two hundred or three hundred words <pause> you count the number of <trunc> suc </trunc> erm colons and full stops or is it only full stops? Full stops. :: RepAffAns
Full stops. Full stops. :: RepAck
You then count the number of words of more than two syllables Mm. :: Ack
I mean like I saw a double-decker bus on the moon and that sort of stuff. Mm. :: Ack
It may be highly critical that the actual language will be completely different in the register. Yes. :: Ack
They will go for vocabulary which is highly charged with imagery and emotion. Mm. :: Ack
The others will chip in if they agree, but they will <pause> they are, they are wanting to set a missile to move, they're wanting to send a bullet, they are wanting to <trunc> s </trunc> to evoke emotion or anger or rage or frustration or political bias or to change attitudes now for example the interesting thing about the Princess Diana erm the headline on one of those tabloids which talks about exile <pause> is I suspect that they want to evoke the constitutional crisis which there was at the time of <pause> Edward. :: Filler
There was a special dispensation given to her to attend and in fact there were photographs at the time with the Queen with her. Yes. :: Ack
But, but, but the whole social and cultural <pause> revolution evolution change has led I think to <pause> whole different schisms in the press which perhaps may have existed in some of the very one might almost say near communist publication like the <unclear> Daily Worker. :: Filler
You'd be there six o'clock gone mate. Wonderful. :: FactMod
You see one of the other interesting things is that there is a <pause> essentially a tradition in this country that the Royal Family do not sue newspapers Yes. :: Ack
There are various exceptions erm <pause> and there have been two or three in recent years, but it therefore meant that they were fair game for saying anything <pause> so they were fair game for a very sensational headline <pause> because there was very little chance of recrimination. Mm. :: Ack
Now the view er was that they were dignified and above taking action <pause> and also in the sense that the public was credited I think with more sense than to believe everything <pause> and that the public memory is relatively short and therefore if you start a court action and you then have coverage in the court action, you are merely making the thing <pause> worse <pause> erm sometimes the things that some people may have thought were highly actionable one day, become almost a joke and something of affection later on and you can, one of the classics maybe is about the Prince of Wales talking to his plants, now that <unclear> a national joke and he will make jokes about it in speeches Mm. :: Ack
and it's become <unclear> of the exchange of, of, of talk and of media erm <pause> but what else do we say about language register and vocabulary? Length of words :: ShortAns_arg
Length of words Oh yes. :: Ack
I'm not sure, but I think when I studied this in college I think it was something like the average of <unclear> producers of vocabulary of less than two thousand words. Mm. :: Ack
Do you think it would be greater now? No, no actually no, not at all. :: Reject
I think that that is, is something that you know we looked at the <unclear> you know the Mirror that you know while thirty years ago they were doing short punchy stories and they maintained that, that there was actually <pause> A wider range of vocabulary  :: Filler
I mean I think you'll find that erm <pause> that there was an <trunc> amaz </trunc> you know I mean that, that while the language might have been simple <pause> it wasn't simplistic <pause> and, but the change in a <pause> in a way now is <unclear> around. Yeah. :: Ack
Do you know, do you know, am I being clear about that? Yeah  :: AffAns
Do you know, do you know, am I being clear about that? Yes  :: AffAns
One, the good, bad the <pause> the good, the bad and the unacceptable. Mhm. :: Ack
I would say that was in the Independent. Yeah. :: Ack
We will do what we can to er speed things and to catch up. Yes, Neil? :: Ack
Erm I see <unclear dur=8> so I'm not really <pause> <shift new=laughing> <unclear> <shift> will make sure that erm <pause> that we are kept in touch so that we are not so far down the track but they can't be reversed <unclear> committee as a whole  Absolutely.  :: PropMod
I understand <trunc> an </trunc> and appreciate <trunc> wh </trunc> what you're saying and most grateful to you for that, I think <trunc> wha </trunc> what you're, Neil <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> is saying is is that with <unclear> we must make sure the time, that this main strategic planning he has to look at, this very important issue, allows sufficient time for mature consideration Yes. :: Ack
<trunc> I </trunc> <trunc> i </trunc> it may not be so, but it may be so Yes. :: Ack
I shall be getting a copy of this tape. Right. :: Ack
Er Chairman I'm <pause> perhaps I could also suggest that we change the word suggested erm <pause> because that <pause> <trunc> i </trunc> <trunc> i </trunc> it, perhaps you are looking for something slightly stronger erm er so it could just say in accordance with paragraphs two four to two nine or the points made in paragraph two point <unclear> Mm. :: Ack
She's very concerned and the present line partial though it be, represents a <pause> a blight situation on that, on the, on potential er occupants of that line <pause> and certainly erm <pause> I find myself more in <pause> in er agreement with Darcy's views than I do with the other two councillors of East Grinstead, that's not er not secret No, no no  :: Reject
I, I think Chairman that as, as we come out of the recession <trunc> an </trunc> and <pause> <trunc> th </trunc> that the overall erm level er quantity of development taking place increases, then we are almost bound to see perhaps more affordable housing erm in absolute terms, although I don't see any opportunity of there being a <pause> a major hiccup in proportional terms, so I, I, like you, I think I remain er pessimistic er regarding the, the, the overview, although we might see er a turning up of the er of the graph having been bumping along the bottom for a little time a little while. Yes, thank you Chairman. :: Ack
Basically erm I agree with what you say but that the County Council itself of course is <pause> a landowner of erm some quite attractive erm areas of land that could be used for below cost housing, but the problem in the past has been that they always had to sell erm at the <pause> market price. Precisely. :: PropMod
<pause dur=20> I think that deals with the General Report and now we move into part No, no, no, no thirteen, thirteen <unclear> :: Reject
We approved that haven't we?  No, no. :: Reject
<pause> That's five Six. :: HelpReject
Six. Six <pause> and moving it to the afternoon <pause> yes, it's er a nice question. :: RepAck
We heard. Yeah? :: CE
Oh you could hear it? Occasionally yeah. :: PropMod
Well can I <unclear> point first though? Yeah. :: AffAns
I'm looking for that er <pause> <unclear>, you didn't <trunc> ge </trunc> you didn't find that planner did you? What? :: CE
What? One of those planner things that Rod was talking, I couldn't find mine. :: ShortAns_arg
Start planning, well you got those are the weeks of the year Mhm. :: Ack
Did you, got a copy of this Dave? Yes, right. :: AffAns
Have you got a blank on there that's not written on? Yes. :: AffAns
And I'll keep this master <u who=J8DPS004> Yeah , mm. :: Ack
and we'll do it Okay. :: Ack
Er, I don't know what, and I think he, <trunc> we </trunc> he sent for that book, I sent for this <unclear> <pause> and its different issues <pause> which you can possibly used in erm <pause> P S D <trunc> se </trunc> er, etcetera <pause> and <pause> there's a number which I feel <pause> work across the years <pause> rather than just <pause> you know, sort of one year book <pause> for example there's a a unit there Terry and Mhm. :: Ack
that <pause> it's on changing schools, hope and fears Mm. :: Ack
what to do if erm <pause> you know, you're arriving at your first day or <pause> things like that. Mhm. :: Ack
Especially, is er <pause> economics <pause> no <u who=J8DPS002> No. <u who=PS000> :: Reject
There's one on homework Yeah. :: Ack
there's one for er <pause> bullying Mhm. :: Ack
trying to think of what new schools and what making a new start, this er, for your file Mhm. :: Ack
It's just that I have arranged to meet him tonight sometime to sort out a few things for me <pause> would of made a lot more sense if he'd been here! Who? :: CE
Who? Well Rod. :: ShortAns_arg
Well Rod. Mm. :: Ack
year ten and eleven. Yep. :: Ack
I mean that's the one example about arriving at a new school. Mm. :: Ack
<shift new=reading> What should I do if I arrive late and miss registration <shift>? Mm. :: Ack
That's the <trunc> so </trunc>, in their copy book. Oh brilliant! :: FactMod
And <pause> but to cover a <pause> a number of issues that we deal with <pause> in what, you know Yeah. :: Ack
Right erm, let's start with, how long have you lived in Harlow? Er <trunc> fort </trunc> er forty six next, about forty six years dear :: ShortAns_arg
Er <trunc> fort </trunc> er forty six next, about forty six years dear Erm :: Ack
Will that No :: Reject
The first May I fell out my garden and put my elbow out, this, this, this one right out which makes it awkward for me to use now, you know, I, I put that right out and therefore erm I had to go at, up to hospital and put that right <vocal desc=laugh> and the <trunc> follow </trunc> the following, the following May my bed caught alight <vocal desc=laugh> with electric blanket and that blazed all up, had my, had my bed all alight my double bed, the electric blanket and I'd only just had it serviced and that went, that was the second May and the third May we were going on an outing me and erm Arthur that was lodging with me and he, we got out of the taxi at Parndon and it, he just collapsed and died at me feet so that's the, that was the end of that and I've been living here you know, since he went, and erm I used to be able to get anywhere with one stick cos I had arthritis in this right hip you see, I could get anywhere with one stick in the taxi, or anywhere and I went to my son's, er which is now coming, I've been here about twelve years in this bungalow, er eight years erm, eight years ago in <trunc> No </trunc> this November gone, I went down to my son's, it was rather slippery and he took me down in the car and I, as I got out erm the car I said to him mind it's very slippery, he said I won't let you fall mother he said, so I went in, but as I came out with one stick he still hadn't got anything down, you know, if it had been a, a sort of erm sand or something down I wouldn't of slipped and I got half way in his car and out I fell and caught this left hip on the step, on the step and I dislocated my hip and it's right out of the socket like that, it should be, and I can't have it put back because I've had several coronaries in my life time and I cannot have it put back you see Oh :: Ack
Oh yes it's, it's been changed a lot and a, and er, it's made such a difference and I've met er, I've got a er <trunc> fr </trunc> a very good friend who's, who's a Red Cross young man who I met at Leah Manning and he takes me out in the car which I wouldn't, never get out otherwise because my boys are all working you see they can't, they're busy working and erm do shift work and security work, one's got his own security business and the other one's got a factory in Bishop's Stortford so that they don't get much chance, they work away, some of them do that they cannot get to take me out see, so he takes me out, which he's very, very good you know, he's, yesterday he took me to erm, yesterday we, he took me to Ongar to see his sister in the bungalow and then he took me for a meal at erm The Chariot at er, at Brentwood, Brentwood, yes Brentwood The Chariot, it was quite nice I had rather, a good time, erm cos usually I can't get out unless I go out in the wheelchair you see I'm confined to a wheelchair, though I struggle out into the kitchen with me two sticks and I've got a stool in there that I do all my own cooking and I make cakes and that and I'm doing a cake gonna make a cake for Christmas for me brother and make a cake, er another one for myself like, but, and then I go to my erm daughter-in-law's to spend Christmas Day and then I, I'm going to my son's and spend Boxing Day which is my birthday, I'll be seventy four on Boxing Day <vocal desc=laugh> I'm dreaded to say, yeah, but erm, this young man that takes me lives in Northbrooks, he's er a widower, but he's very, very good, he helps all us old people, you know, he's ever so good he is to me, he comes up and brings my shopping today, does my shopping for me as well, so, well he's, yes, he's most kind, for, nearly two years I've know him, that's a photo over there, it was taken at a wedding look, of my, that's it, over there, taken at a wedding dear, very good Yeah :: Ack
The other day Mm :: Ack
and he said he'd, he'd let me know before Christmas if he can get me back on a Wednesday, but I'm still taken on a Wednesday but my friend takes me in the car on a Wednesday but er I like to go in the ambulance you see really so er <u who=PS1MU> Yeah <u who=PS1MV> :: Ack
to be with my friends although they let me sit with me friends so they're good really so I'm hoping that I should be able to get back on a Wednesday because er, that's the only day really I can go, I go to Barn Mead on a Thursday as a rule you see, but yesterday I had to have a day off to go out, I had an invite out Oh :: Ack
so it poured, it poured of rain though last night that's the only thing Mm :: Ack
but er otherwise I'll, I'll wouldn't, I never want to go back to Nazeing not after now and, and now the, this new town we were taken shopping the other Tuesday, it was really lovely and we see all the shops, first time I've really seen them properly and er I thoroughly enjoyed it and we were all given erm in a, is it Blockers one of the shops? Yeah :: AffAns
Yeah , yeah was kind, it was kind of them, yes and we went all round the shops and er I thoroughly enjoyed it and in the new Co-Op as well you know, I thoroughly enjoyed it but he took me in the car so that we didn't have to hang about you see Yeah. :: Ack
Well, er very good but erm last year I was very disappointed I didn't get invite, an invite to the old time musical which is most unusual, it's the first time I've ever been missed out, but I don't know how it happened, our warden didn't have any of us invited, so I don't know how it happened Oh :: Ack
I think it was Old Harlow or Hoddesdon somewhere I used to go, I know a long way off we had to go because there wasn't anything round here was there? No, no one, nothing at all, no, it's great. :: Reject
Oh it is now yes, you've got, I mean you've got the service now haven't you and erm, but I like at St Margaret's hospital I'd been, I had been, I went in there to have my last boy, but they're very, very good there they were, I've not been in, I've been in, I've had treatment here for my hip and that up at Harlow but they wouldn't do the operation because of my blood clotting you see, so therefore I've got to grin and bear it, I've had eight years of it, I couldn't walk for six months, but now I struggle and get around as I say with a couple of sticks I get round Mm <pause> er what was the school like before it, the schools in Harlow before <unclear> <u who=PS1MV> :: Ack
I mean Mm :: Ack
he was able to go and he, cos he passed his City and Guilds, he works for the Water Board so he gets the maintenance Oh :: Ack
It, it was a two bedroom old cottage it was, very, very nice with a big garden and all I had was erm one room downstairs and like er a kitchen, well er where the sink and that was it was more like a big room where the kitchen was and the two bedrooms upstairs, but only a door on one bedroom, you went up the stairs into a big open room you know where the bannisters all round you know what I mean, no door on it and just, another door, a bedroom door, that's all but I loved it you know it was a nice erm, not bad, but of course it was condemned it got so old and then they pulled it down and they built another house on it right next to where erm that shooting took <trunc> pla </trunc> you know they was having that shooting night just down that lane where I used to be Oh :: Ack
Today is Friday, yes, it's Friday <pause> the date today, what's the date today the eighth? The tenth :: HelpReject
The tenth the tenth, the tenth, tenth <pause> alright, that's alright, right <pause> <vocal desc=tut> righto. :: RepAck
Well I was pleased, I was pleased of it Mm :: Ack
So it, then I had erm, I brought up my husband's sister's daughter from when she was fourteen, I brought her oh, yes fourteen, I brought her up for nine years and <trunc> br </trunc> brought her up as my own daughter like because she got, got to be put away in a home and I didn't want her to have to go into a home so I, I brought her up you know we brought her up and sort of as, I lost my little girl she was with me like, see and she still comes to me like, she still calls but she calls me mum, mother like now, ha, you know all those years I had her, she's married and her family's grown up now and er she's got one daughter left, left at home who's just got engaged that's Mrs <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> from er <gap reason=anonymization desc=address> she lives, yes so, so that was my hubby's er sister's daughter she only had the one daughter and two brothers, but she, the brothers she don't hear nothing of them they just, you know they were gonna put her in a home, but we took her so she didn't have to go in a home, I didn't want her to have to go in a home Mm :: Ack
Well it's, it's more like more or less just like today, you know, if you, if you've got nowhere to go and they just put you there, but I mean now you can't get in very good can you really, not now, but erm, Pat <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> since she's been on duty she's had a terrible trial, terrible she had to get one, help in this morning, get one of the floor next door, then we've had trouble one down further, but she's been put into erm Ashlyn now for five weeks, so she's out the way for a little while <vocal desc=laugh> we've had an awful worrying time here though, it's absolutely been a pantomime cos this has just keeps er throwing herself on the floor, all the time she's doing it Mm :: Ack
No Chippingfield's in, near the Post Office, no it's further Oh :: Ack
Are you allowed to have <trunc> pet </trunc> pets here? Yes, I've got my cat, it's just gone out, yeah I've got a cat, yes he's a lovely little cat I've got and he's just gone out a little ginger and but I did have a dog but I, cos he, I had him several years here a beautiful little corgi he was and then I had to have him put to sleep because he had er water trouble, but then my doctor advised me that I, he said don't have another dog have a cat, so I had a cat, I've always had a cat though :: AffAns
Yes, I've got my cat, it's just gone out, yeah I've got a cat, yes he's a lovely little cat I've got and he's just gone out a little ginger and but I did have a dog but I, cos he, I had him several years here a beautiful little corgi he was and then I had to have him put to sleep because he had er water trouble, but then my doctor advised me that I, he said don't have another dog have a cat, so I had a cat, I've always had a cat though Mm :: Ack
Yes dear I went to erm, er the er holiday camp in October to erm, er with the Red Cross and I went with the, Charlie took me and I went in a car with a friend of mine we went to the Red Cross holiday in Patefield, but it poured of rain every day <vocal desc=laugh> every day it poured of rain didn't October it was terrible, ever so cold, but we were well looked after you know and I enjoyed it and we had the wheelchairs to go around in on for the dancing, it was really great I thoroughly enjoyed it, I haven't been for two years I hadn't, but I went like in October, cos you're only allowed really every two years to go, that's all you're allowed really, but I thoroughly enjoyed it you know, it was nice Yeah :: Ack
We used to, we, I used to go when my husband was alive we used to go to erm Devon cos I had a brother living in Devon we used to go there, but er unfortunately I lost him when he was only fifty with a coronary, and so erm, in, cos and after that I lost my husband you see so cos we I've never been away like that before, not, not since, years ago that was, he's been gone twenty one years this Christmas sixteenth might be so, I've not been able to so I, I, I go with the erm, I went with the Red Cross this year the year before last I went erm er, <trunc> Char </trunc> Charlie took me away we went to er a chalet we stayed at and er a friend of mine we went there for a week had a week there, that poured of rain every day, this year it poured of rain every day Mm :: Ack
Last night was a terrible night wasn't it? Yeah :: AffAns
Pouring all night, yeah, did you want a coffee dear? No thank you :: Reject
Cos you can have one No it's alright :: Reject
Are you sure? Yeah <pause> erm, erm do you get a lot of benefits? :: AffAns
No, I don't have a <trunc> bu </trunc> I, I didn't, I didn't have a, you, I used to, no I didn't have a bus pass no cos I've been handicapped haven't I, no Mm :: Ack
Very good, very, very good, no I think as I say the only thing I said to Mr <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> I told him that I'm very upset because I've always been treated ever so fair by him I mean they've really been good to us, you can't say they're not, I mean no other Council I don't think is as good as Harlow Council, well I say that because I know by my friends who live away they're not er, they don't get half the benefits that they get here, I mean we are looked after aren't we? Yeah :: AffAns
I know, I say that, and the, the only thing is I was upset over the Leah Manning, being taken off the ambulance you see and whether I will get back I'm hoping I will because erm he said he will let me know before Christmas so I think he will, he came to Leah Manning to visit me any rights to see me about it, so it was good of him really Yeah :: Ack
You got any hobbies? Yes, stool making, you know I've got a stool here, I made that stool over there ages ago for me daughter-in-law and this one I cannot get it right I've, I've, it's, it's, I'm trying I've got to undo it again there, it's not right, I think it is because the cord's too thick, it's a very thick cord and I've not got enough stitches you know not enough strands on it, but I'm gonna do it, it'll be done before Christmas <vocal desc=laugh> I've got to do it otherwise :: AffAns
oh and I've made a big rug at the centre, which I shall have home before Christmas, a big woollen rug I've made, yes so, oh it's a beautiful rug it's with those er silver thing you push through the hole on the canvas Oh yeah :: Ack
and you put the cluster of wool in it and pull it back and it's like little bobbles of wool and er I've got a beige and a brown I've done it with it will look nice you know, it will come right here, it's a beautiful rug, quite nice, so I've been busy and I make coat hangers Mm :: Ack
I do those, knit coat hangers you know make the with the <unclear>, when I'm not doing me rug I'm making them <vocal desc=laugh> Yeah :: Ack
Yes that's been crocheted this one, yeah I can't do it, that, that one's a knitted one, but I can't erm I just can't crochet, I can knit <vocal desc=laugh> I've tried, but I've tried I just can't do it I don't know why I take the hobby my plants, I've, I grow those violets from leaves, look behind Oh yeah :: Ack
That's a cyclamen, two I'd had me given that at our family party, we have a family party once a year Mm :: Ack
and er we do all the cooking between us and my, my sons they have a disco and all that they get Mm :: Ack
and this year they brought me the wireless and cassette Oh lovely :: FactMod
last year I had a hoover, the year before that I had erm a teas maker, which I've got a Goblin teas maker they bought me Lovely :: FactMod
What have you taken, or what do you take? Erm, <unclear> inhaler for asthmatic attack, well to prevent asthmatic attacks. :: ShortAns_arg
so it's <pause> a rare occasion have to use it, but I probably have <pause> to have one with me all, for the rest of my life. Okay. :: Ack
I take Thyroxin for an under-active thyroid gland. Mhm. :: Ack
And these are prescribed drugs then?  Yes.  :: AffAns
What have you taken, or what do you take? <sic resp=LONGMAN> Maccresin </sic> for a, arthritis. :: ShortAns_arg
<sic resp=LONGMAN> Maccresin </sic> for a, arthritis. For arthritis, right. :: RepAck
Erm, and I have no side effects to it, I've been on it for quite a long while. Every night? :: CE
Every night? Every night. :: RepAffAns
I waken up fine Yeah. :: Ack
And how long have you been doing that? Erm <pause> nine years. :: ShortAns_adj
family and they put me onto valium, but having worked in psychiatric I knew the results of valium, so I I gradually broke them down and got off them <pause> but for six full months I couldn't sleep Mm. :: Ack
So you've got a drug that you can live with? Yes. :: AffAns
Yes. Yeah. :: Ack
Yeah. Yes. :: Ack
What have you taken, or what do you take? Steroids. :: ShortAns_arg
My mother takes these. Okay. :: Ack
I take prescribed drugs now. Yes. :: Ack
But, did you used to take illegal drugs? Yeah. :: AffAns
Yeah. Well let's, since we've got onto that <pause> why? :: Sluice
Well let's, since we've got onto that <pause> why? Just to get a hit. :: ShortAns_adj
I'm still on <pause> some stuff. Yeah. :: Ack
But she got me <trunc> so </trunc>, over the worse part, yeah. Yeah. :: Ack
Don't try it once? No. :: Reject
So what were you taking? Heroin. :: ShortAns_arg
Heroin. From the start? :: CE
From the start? Mhm. :: AffAns
But through the help er, the group that I'm well involved in, which is Carlton Athletic Recovery Group Mhm. :: Ack
And if <pause> they're coming out stating that your families turned their back, they've had enough Mhm. :: Ack
Er, I do believe that er, if the question was asked have people taken less, you know <trunc> no </trunc> not heroin Mm. :: Ack
What, what are we talking about here?  Well erm <pause> just er dope <trunc> re </trunc>, you  :: ShortAns_arg
Well erm <pause> just er dope <trunc> re </trunc>, you  Dope.  :: RepAck
What, what are we talking about here?  know, marijuana. :: ShortAns_arg
know, marijuana. Yeah. :: Ack
that <pause> it was <pause> it was that detrimental. Okay. :: Ack
Can I answer that question? Yes. :: AffAns
So they can enter the secondary schools and they're selling it to these young kids that just don't know any better. Yeah. :: Ack
So I think if <pause> what we're doing just now, cos I'm part of Carlton Athletic as well, and what we're doing just now is trying to get into the secondary schools in the east end, and getting this message across to the kids not ee <pause> to buy these drugs. Yep. :: Ack
There actually is a drug-wise <pause> project Aha. :: Ack
they are, asked to respond to  Aha.  :: Ack
various situations and they  Aha.  :: Ack
do role play Mhm. :: Ack
I think what we should be looking at is <trunc> pu </trunc>, campaigning for de-criminalization of soft drugs, like cannabis Mm. :: Ack
And I also think that we should looking at harm reduction methods, in schools definitely <pause> not drug- wise. Yes. :: Ack
it there? why not? :: CE
with er, there would be a certain amount of state control. Er, behind you. :: BareModPh
Have you come across anything <unclear> think ooh we could do with a look at that? Erm <pause> no. <vocal desc=laugh> :: Reject
Erm <pause> no. <vocal desc=laugh> Oh. :: Ack
Are you still working through past papers? Not really. :: Reject
been working on What? <u who=PS3SS> :: CE
What? <u who=PS3SS> Graphs. <u who=PS3SR> :: ShortAns_arg
Graphs. <u who=PS3SR> Graphs. :: RepAck
<pause> <unclear> important thing about graphs. Erm. :: Ack
<pause> What would you get marks for? The axes. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> What would you get marks for? The <pause> points :: ShortAns_arg
The <pause> points Which <trunc> parti </trunc> <unclear> particular points? :: Sluice
Which <trunc> parti </trunc> <unclear> particular points? Points given for <pause> like co-ordinates. <u who=PS3SR> :: ShortAns_arg
Erm let's <unclear>, if they say sketch a graph, Right. <u who=PS3SR> :: Ack
What would be the interesting parts of the shape? Where it crosses through the X and Y axes. :: ShortAns_arg
Where it crosses through the X and Y axes. Okay, X and Y axes, anything else that might be an interesting point? <pause> :: RepAck
So, sketching a graph is not the same as plotting one. Mm. :: Ack
Any idea what that graph would be? <pause> X squared. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm, what would <pause> <unclear> not quite the right shape <unclear> <pause> what would that graph be? Y equals something <pause> plus X squared. :: ShortAns_arg
And there might be, it would be something X squared, and there might be something X and er well there's definitely a constant Mm. :: Ack
So that's going to be minus something Mm. :: Ack
What about this one? Y equals X squared. :: ShortAns_arg
It's gonna be about plus three, three plus. Mm. :: Ack
Where's the X, where's the Y? X squared. :: ShortAns_arg
So it'll be something like <pause> X minus three X squared. Mm. :: Ack
So X equal three or X equal three. Yeah. :: Ack
Y would be six, <unclear>. <pause> Mhm. :: Ack
What's Y equal to, roughly? Just over six, six point :: ShortAns_arg
Just over six, six point Six and a bit. :: RepAck
What does it approximate to? Erm minus infinity. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> at minus a million. Erm :: Ack
What would that approximate to? A million plus six. :: ShortAns_arg
Now, there's a Y equals X squared. Yeah. :: Ack
So around here, round this bit, <pause> there won't be any difference. Hmm. :: Ack
Erm <pause> people might say oh well we'll take it from minus five to plus five. Yeah. :: Ack
But you'd miss a lot of important points. Yeah. :: Ack
But you're still missing out a big, very important part of the graph, because for a lot of its range it actually, you know, looks something like well what would that look like? <unclear> <pause> Ten times. :: ShortAns_arg
Roughly. A million times minus a million? :: CE
A million times minus a million? Minus. <unclear> :: RepAck
What's plus three times minus three? Three. :: ShortAns_arg
What's plus three times plus three? <shift new=whispering> <unclear> <shift> Nine. :: ShortAns_arg
<shift new=whispering> <unclear> <shift> Nine. Right. :: Ack
<pause> And, minus three times minus three? <pause> Minus nine. :: ShortAns_arg
Minus nine. No. :: Reject
Minus three times minus three? <unclear> <u who=PS3SS> Oh nine. <u who=PS3SR> :: ShortAns_arg
Oh nine. <u who=PS3SR> Right. :: Ack
And what is the sign of it though? Minus. :: ShortAns_arg
It's the same <unclear> Right. :: Ack
So <trunc> wh </trunc> when X is very big well, say, when it's big compared to ten Yeah. :: Ack
this looks like Y equals minus X squared. <pause> Mm. :: Ack
It's where most people throw it away on the sketches, they just pick a tiny, tiny portion and look at that in great detail, say ah, look at that, wonderful. Mm. :: Ack
Tt, erm plotting graphs, you had one question didn't you where they asked a gradient? Yeah. :: AffAns
And you measured it with a protractor, Mm. :: Ack
it was forty five degrees so you thought it was one, but the scale was two to one. Yeah. <unclear> :: Ack
Same scale on the X and Y. Erm what would be <pause> let's say someone gave you this <pause> find an approximation for the gradient <pause> erm Y equals X squared <pause> minus one. <vocal desc=laugh> X squared? :: CE
you <trunc> d </trunc> you'd have to find Y. Okay. :: Ack
So Y is three squared minus one. Yeah okay. :: Ack
<unclear> be Y would equal eight. Yeah. :: Ack
<unclear> <pause> the opposite point. Right. :: Ack
<shift new=whispering> <unclear> <shift> It'd be about one <unclear>. About one. :: RepAck
What, what would Y be? A million squared. :: ShortAns_arg
What, what would Y be? Yeah. :: Ack
<pause dur=32> <unclear> I mean a hundred is probably big enough, twenty five might be <unclear> is more or less big enough. Mm. :: Ack
Er five, say we can have five here, you can have twenty five, <unclear> over here somewhere, Mhm. :: Ack
Lies over that way? Yeah. :: AffAns
Well let me just say quickly we're being recorded there's <pause dur=2> there's someone er who's gotta er a project organisation by the Oxford University Press who's interested in our spoken word Right :: Ack
So will the tape last for the whole two hours? Yes, apparently. :: PropMod
It's I've <pause dur=2> I was telling David outside that I've absolutely butchered it <pause dur=2> and I <pause dur=3> it's erm two thousand one hundred and sixty. Two thousand one hundred and sixty now? :: CE
Two thousand one hundred and sixty now? Yeah. :: AffAns
Yeah. Oh. :: Ack
Well as I've taped that I taped it at home Mm. :: Ack
but as I wrote this and you know put in the <trunc> acc </trunc> <trunc> th </trunc> the conflict, it came up to two thousand five hundred words and I taped it and timed it and I've been butchering it and cutting out all the really nice little sentences and the nice <unclear> sentences and I've got it down to two one sixty and now with that announcement on the end, <pause dur=3> as I've got it taped, it's fourteen minutes <shift new=laughing> fifty-nine seconds <shift> for a fifteen minute slot, so it's about as precise as you're gonna get it. Yes. :: Ack
Have you got anything Peter? Yes. :: AffAns
Well <vocal desc=laugh> I mean you don't get paid for it or anything. Oh. :: Ack
like perhaps appeals to womens magazines more than the other stuff <pause dur=4> but I know that I mean it's not <pause dur=2> romantic in that way is it's not a romance <unclear> No. <unclear> :: Reject
There was one which you said Ernest Morris was born in 1950. Fifteen. :: HelpReject
Fifteen. Oh, fifteen. :: RepAck
Oh, fifteen. Yes. :: Ack
I thought he said fifty as well. Oh no, fifteen. :: HelpReject
That <unclear> Castle was that the story by A J <unclear> Yeah. :: Ack
We receive up to a hundred and forty <unclear> week Oh. :: Ack
Chair, I I don't know, er er, last year, we were in a a similar position. Yes. :: Ack
The January meeting of this committee, we didn't know what the arrangements would be. Mm. :: Ack
<vocal desc="clears throat"> But certainly, some progress is being made towards the common funding formula. Mm. :: Ack
Paragraph twenty, provides details of the nineteen ninety-four, ninety-five budget target <unclear> policy. Yeah. :: Ack
The principles underlined, document, <event desc="shuffling of papers"> this project are er coarse, you would say, and for that reason we oppose it. Good. :: FactMod
Commitments necessary for the maintenance of existing levels of service <unclear> Right. :: Ack
Did you wish to? Mm. :: AffAns
Is it being proposed? No. <vocal desc=laugh> :: Reject
Mr Chairman, rapidly respond to Councillor Parker, you are the administration, this is your budget, Yeah. :: Ack
I would remind you that this is the budget for the policy. Yeah, true. :: PropMod
The company haven't asked me to do it it's just er erm just a personal thing. Mhm. :: Ack
Erm right purpose of the discussions, I don't call them interviews er because it's a self employed position and er you know we're not offering quote a job unquote. Mhm. :: Ack
That that does us all the world of good. Yes. :: Ack
Right now I've got a bit of background Mhm. :: Ack
obviously erm I've <trunc> ju </trunc> all I've got down here is local newspaper advertising five years which would have been enough er Mhm. :: Ack
Er is that Lynda Jane? Yep. :: AffAns
Yeah I'd read the brochure. Okay. :: Ack
Erm the folders are at the top Mhm. :: Ack
Remind me had John done advertising? Erm no. :: Reject
<pause> Now you have okay so you have to give erm er you're in an employed status at the moment Mhm yeah. :: Ack
so you have to give four weeks. Yep. :: Ack
Okay well you'll probably know erm that of course we can start people immediately if they were Mhm. :: Ack
basic of about eight and a half of something Mm. :: Ack
So you know it was up to you to sort of prove yourself from from there. Okay. :: Ack
there are advantages erm and quite honestly if erm er the way I put it is that salary company car and BUPA and all that sort of thing Mhm. :: Ack
Erm a no problem with er work permits and things like that? No. :: Reject
I've got dual nationality. Okay fine. :: Ack
Right well obviously that those last five years have been the er the important ones for us. Mhm. :: Ack
erm possibly that I would have emphasized er the fact that we don't do quote fact to fact selling Mhm. :: Ack
of advertising Mhm. :: Ack
we are really er I'm preaching the company policy and also something I know that er works Mhm. :: Ack
Right no qualifying in in in er I will tell you what the <unclear> erm er sort of policy on that or opinion on that is that if you have got er a closure on the phone. Mhm. :: Ack
Now you must have at some time or other in advertising closed the deal on the phone. Oh yeah mhm. :: Ack
Well that's that's what we mean by that. Right. :: Ack
I have I would say that most of the people who answer yes who have been in say for instance home improvements Mhm. :: Ack
Whereas we think Yeah. :: Ack
it's more towards the no. Yes. :: Ack
Because they cannot discuss the requirements on the phone. Mhm. :: Ack
When you say those you mean the golf cards? Yeah. :: AffAns
That that type of idea. Right. :: Ack
Well er er erm the the whole point of about asking that sort of question is that er I in my own mind I know where I think Yeah. :: Ack
Er now we've got but we do have two products there of equal standing in terms of product er sorry of of erm salary potential Mhm. :: Ack
remuneration Yeah. :: Ack
Erm now John's on folders but there is another product range and that's the er This one. :: Filler
Well G A <trunc> be </trunc> based in Perth of course is er one of our major clients up here. Mhm. :: Ack
Er and once again they they they're all part of estates division and er you know they're as equally <trunc> valua </trunc> valuable to the er Yeah yeah. :: Ack
Erm I know some companies actually sell send the large ones out Yes. :: Ack
Yes they're not really meant to be sent out Yeah. :: Ack
I have to say though first of all especially if they have the larger version Mhm. :: Ack
Well thing is people are moving to an area they may be given some information by their company but Mhm. :: Ack
You'd still be in estates division Yeah. :: Ack
Erm but in the end it's all estates division anyway. Yeah. :: Ack
Er while I'm having a look through this er Richard er over there we have erm a selection of the product selection of the product which erm we discussed briefly on the phone. All right. :: Ack
There's a signature coming up is there? erm certainly the average cost of an ad if you took the most expensive and the least expensive across all of those products would come out somewhere in the region of six hundred pounds. Per ad? :: CE
Per ad? Per ad. :: RepAffAns
Per ad. But what size ad? :: Sluice
If you look at a full page when they happen, they don't happen all that often on a schools portfolio which costs two thousand two hundred pounds, you'll see there's there's already three different prices Yeah. :: Ack
So you will go in you will never come out of a an advertiser with less commission than that. Right. :: Ack
Unless you have discounted it and you give two or three pounds away when you do that. Right. :: Ack
But in the main we are looking for er somewhere in the region of er hundred and eighty pounds per per per deal and we're looking for one of those a day average. Mhm. :: Ack
Our top people earn top money because A they're not satisfied with one deal a day. Mhm. :: Ack
An assignment being one complete One complete product yes. :: Filler
Possibly a solicitor now they're allowed to advertise. And a solicitor. :: RepAck
The training course would certainly do that. Right. :: Ack
said Richard he said, I don't know how you do it in London he said, if they ever asked me to come down here he said I would die. Yeah. :: Ack
Richard erm if I now got to the stage of saying if if you had a choice, cos I have a luxury here of six companies er most recruiters just have one job for one company. Mm. :: Ack
What was I asking you Kieran? What day is it is it today. :: ShortAns_arg
What day is it is it today. What day is it today. :: RepAck
<event desc="speaking French"> What do you think my question means first of all, Richard? What date is it today. :: ShortAns_arg
When's your birthday <trunc> Jo </trunc> Josephine? July. :: ShortAns_arg
What July though? Fifth. :: ShortAns_arg
Fifth. The fifth. :: RepAck
Now children am I right in thinking that when Mrs <unclear> came in and took some lessons with you when I was on a course that she taught you how to count up to thirty? No. :: Reject
Okay, now let's have somebody else's birthday. Twenty eighth of December. :: ShortAns_arg
What date is Richard's birthday? Twenty ninth of July. :: ShortAns_arg
Twenty ninth of July. The twenty ninth of July good. :: RepAck
What date is Louise's birthday? Eleventh of August. :: ShortAns_arg
Eleventh of August. The eleventh of August. :: RepAck
Er it's a business opportunity. Mhm. :: Ack
There are my notes and that it absolutely critical for us to know. All right yes. :: Ack
It's quite a different coloured pen. Yeah. :: Ack
Well first of all whether the the whole environment of selling advertising appeals. Mhm. :: Ack
But I've actually spoken to an even a a real Tyne and Wear Geordie accent Yes. :: Ack
I say I'm sorry I cannot understand a word you're saying. Yes. :: Ack
er so it wouldn't be any good for us. Mhm. :: Ack
I say well it's definitely the latter. The latter. <vocal desc=laugh> :: RepAck
But there is a certain element of the former. Yes. :: Ack
Because in any self employed situation you're always going to get people who find something quote better Mhm. :: Ack
in their opinion and that's that and and they get it. Mhm. :: Ack
Well when you when you understand er when you get to understand the products I mean there's there all our six companies are represented over there er Maggie Right. :: Ack
And that is bring together the advertising to fund the product. Mhm. :: Ack
you see this this this one you brought in here Mhm. :: Ack
unless the local printer's very cleaver somehow and got that advertising to to sponsor er the booklet they've had to charge for it. Mhm. :: Ack
And I was disappointed I went and say, Hey Mm. :: Ack
by that time I'd been involved with <unclear>. Yes. :: Ack
It was costing them extra in postage Mhm. :: Ack
and they kept asking us to print more. Right. :: Ack
And that was expensive. Mhm. :: Ack
Schools universities and colleges they were a spin-off from the parents' choice charter. Right. :: Ack
And we bought the company last year that did that so that Right. :: Ack
So it's an ongoing process that the first medical <trunc> pra </trunc> or some medical practice booklets are just coming up for their second resale. Mhm right. :: Ack
Schools universities and colleges in er about a year's time the first resales. Mhm. :: Ack
So there is absolutely tons of work. Mhm. :: Ack
I was my own company er does management training and I won't touch the TECs Yeah. :: Ack
Is that the big company? Yes. :: AffAns
Good fun? Yes. :: AffAns
So the lads have er flown the coop have they? No no. :: Reject
And you're a grandmother too. Yes yeah. :: Ack
well I'm actually I'd like something cottagey if at all possible but erm I'm quite open minded at the moment erm I'm so new to the area I'm actually in Brookmans Park at the moment right :: Ack
yeah, you know quite hopeful so what I as I say what I'm really looking for is I've got a preference for older properties but you know try not to pin myself down to too much at the moment, I've got about a hundred and thirty to spend <unclear> so ideally I'd like a cottage old style but I do need three bedrooms O K, right :: Ack
erm ideally would like something in villages O K :: Ack
but something on the outskirts of the Garden City might be O K perhaps on the northern side right O K that's fine :: Ack
Right, well as I say I've got your details here so what I'll do is if you bear with me I'll go and a have a look through the drawers and see what we've got available. Okay? :: CheckQu
The strengths that these people show are an ability to command respect, <pause> and to inspire enthusiasm <pause dur=15>. Inspire, sorry? :: CE
Inspire, sorry? Erm, <trunc> in </trunc>, sorry, enthusiasm. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm, <trunc> in </trunc>, sorry, enthusiasm. Inspire enthusiasm. :: RepAck
Inspire enthusiasm. Yes. :: Ack
What shape? Md. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause dur=7> And their role is to set the objectives and priorities for the team <pause dur=18> and to impose shape or pattern on discussions and activities. <pause dur=13> Will shape and pattern? :: CE
Will shape and pattern? On discussion and group activities. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause dur=15> Their strengths are that they will have drive and self-confidence, <pause dur=16> and the weaknesses, they're intolerant towards vague ideas and people. <pause dur=22> Vague and? :: CE
Vague and? Vague ideas and people. :: ShortAns_arg
How do you spell it? A plant. :: ShortAns_adj
Like what sort of person? Outgoing and relaxed personality. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause dur=13>. Number seven, it's the last one, is it seven? Oh, eight, O K. Right, er, the T W is the team worker. :: HelpReject
Who would you pick to be in your very small team of say perhaps four people? Chairman :: ShortAns_arg
You've got to have somebody that's, that's obviously going to save a mortice lock to you. Hopefully yes. :: PropMod
Doesn't it depend what the team's objectives are? No :: Reject
Somebody to get the work done, yes. Monitor evaluator? :: CE
Monitor evaluator? yes :: AffAns
Somebody that I said was very difficult to work with, or can be. Plant :: ShortAns_arg
What might have caused that? Incompetence. :: ShortAns_arg
Incompetence. O K, incompetence. :: RepAck
Somebody else say something. Scandal :: ShortAns_arg
Scandal Scandal. :: RepAck
What about unemployment? <pause dur=6> O K unemployment. :: RepAffAns
<vocal desc=laugh> yes, <pause> anything else? <pause dur=12> there must be something else you can put up there to make it er, Foreign policy. :: ShortAns_arg
<vocal desc=laugh> yes, <pause> anything else? <pause dur=12> there must be something else you can put up there to make it er, Stronger competition. :: ShortAns_arg
Stronger competition. Competition. :: RepAck
Competition. Stronger competition. :: HelpReject
Stronger competition. O K :: Ack
Who is incompetent? All of them, the Prime Minister. :: ShortAns_arg
Right er, what about scandals? Normal basics. :: ShortAns_arg
Right er, what about scandals? Skeletons in the cupboard. :: ShortAns_arg
Right er, what about scandals? Unwanted children :: ShortAns_arg
Right er, what about scandals? Single mothers :: ShortAns_arg
Only I think we're happy that you can put in profligacy. Yes <vocal desc=laugh> :: Ack
Yes, <unclear>, get on there, what about the unemployment? <pause> Lack of apprenticeships? <pause dur=11> :: ShortAns_arg
Yes, <unclear>, get on there, what about the unemployment? <pause> Poor education? <pause dur=20> :: ShortAns_arg
Yes, <unclear>, get on there, what about the unemployment? <pause> No engineering future :: ShortAns_arg
How about finance then? <pause> Corruption :: ShortAns_arg
How about finance then? <pause> Risk <pause dur=30> :: ShortAns_arg
How about finance then? <pause> Wage claims <pause dur=18> :: ShortAns_arg
O K what about the er, foreign policy? The situation with Europe. :: ShortAns_arg
O K what about the er, foreign policy? Foreign aid <pause dur=13> :: ShortAns_arg
O K what about the er, foreign policy? Military cuts :: ShortAns_arg
O K what about the er, foreign policy? N A T O :: ShortAns_arg
Traffic in the city. O K <pause dur=19> Traffic in the city. :: RepAck
What are the causes of this problem of traffic in the cities? Poor roads :: ShortAns_arg
What are the causes of this problem of traffic in the cities? No public transport :: ShortAns_arg
What are the causes of this problem of traffic in the cities? Concentration of business people :: ShortAns_arg
What are the causes of this problem of traffic in the cities? Business density :: ShortAns_arg
Oh good, <pause> O K, any other causes you'd like me to think about? Hours of business. :: ShortAns_arg
Oh good, <pause> O K, any other causes you'd like me to think about? Sporting events. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm, did you say, er sport?  Sporting events :: HelpReject
Sporting events Sporting events. :: RepAck
Where would you put that? Under control :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> <trunc> Oh </trunc>, what would be the consequences do you think of this, prediction? Unhealthy residents From, from, from pollution  :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> <trunc> Oh </trunc>, what would be the consequences do you think of this, prediction? Cost, noise :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> <trunc> Oh </trunc>, what would be the consequences do you think of this, prediction? Stress :: ShortAns_arg
Can you see that maybe, if at some time in the future, you do have er, some bad health, or perhaps get involved in an accident, that after a period of time, it might be difficult to actually find the money to pay for this plan we're establishing tonight? yes :: AffAns
Yes, well the good news is, that there's actually something called waiver of premium on the plan, which looks after exactly the, looks after exactly that case. Yes. :: Ack
Some people will actually say, if I could add something to the plan that would cost you just a little bit more, which means that if you're off work through illness, the company, Abbey will pay the premiums for you, would you be prepared to pay a bit more. No. :: Reject
Are you happy with, with the idea and the way I put it across, yes? Mhm, yes, :: AffAns
Kim, what would you like? Erm, waiver of premiums, :: ShortAns_arg
Erm, waiver of premiums, Waiver of premiums, crafty. :: RepAck
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Flexibility :: ShortAns_arg
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Unit linking. :: ShortAns_arg
Unit linking. Unit linking. :: RepAck
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Selected period, :: ShortAns_arg
Selected period, Selected period, right, Andrew? :: RepAck
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Erm, surrender value. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm, surrender value. Surrender value, David? :: RepAck
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Whole of life. :: ShortAns_arg
I'll take death benefits. Death benefits, Philip? :: RepAck
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Escalating premium :: ShortAns_arg
Escalating premium Escalating premium, Ilias :: RepAck
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Partial surrender :: ShortAns_arg
Partial surrender Partial surrender, John. :: RepAck
But we'll ask you to select which one you're going to go for, and as I know we've got a room full of gentlemen, let's start with the ladies first. Terminal illness. :: ShortAns_arg
Terminal illness. Terminal illness. :: RepAck
<pause dur=120> Right, are we ready? No, not yet. :: Reject
So Gerald to John, what are we talking about? Erm, death benefit. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm, death benefit. Death benefit, right. :: RepAck
O K then, O K then John, er, looking at your erm, at your fact file, we see here that we've actually got erm, twice the amount of your salary erm, for life cover, which your company which your company actually offers, offers you. O K? :: CheckQu
O K? Yes. <vocal desc="clears throat"> :: AffAns
Well because I've only got the life cover, then er, that cover would disappear. O K :: Ack
How do you actually feel about that? Not too happy. :: ShortAns_arg
Not too happy. Not too happy. :: RepAck
What, what are you talking about John? Oh, erm, terminal illness. :: ShortAns_arg
Oh, erm, terminal illness. Terminal illness, right. :: RepAck
Well, how would you feel if I was to tell you that within the policy it was possible that the sum could be paid, it might even be paid up before death. yes, like what? :: CE
Can I ask, address another table, <trunc> N </trunc>, yes, anybody, yes. :: AffAns
About? Erm, unit linking. :: ShortAns_adj
Erm, unit linking. Unit linking. :: RepAck
You know, do you know anything about unit trusts? Not really, no :: Reject
What was it before? Seven 0 five :: ShortAns_arg
Oh, is that all? Yeah. :: AffAns
Apparently the individual costs of the lines are staggering and they reckon that the cost of the calls does not outweigh it but what I think <unclear> is certainly outweighed is the cost of all our time trying to get through on these lines Tie lines? :: CE
Tie lines? Yeah :: AffAns
Yeah Oh well :: Ack
I think it's worth identifying cos it might sort of alleviate this sort of problem Mhm :: Ack
Well we need <trunc> t </trunc> we need <trunc> t </trunc> we we need to establish ah I hope we do it. Right :: Ack
Why don't you and I talk about it separately then Yeah alright :: AffAns
Why don't you and I talk about it separately then Next time we're in the office :: BareModPh
For instance that chap you gave those tickets to to Munich Yeah :: Ack
You know to encourage him <trunc> t </trunc> well why not just send them a voucher for seventy <trunc> f </trunc> seventy five pounds to go towards an <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> ticket next time they book? No no no <unclear> so :: Reject
You know to encourage him <trunc> t </trunc> well why not just send them a voucher for seventy <trunc> f </trunc> seventy five pounds to go towards an <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> ticket next time they book? Or twenty five pound :: ConjFrag
Well a voucher's cash no a voucher to use :: HelpReject
no a voucher to use against a flight :: BareModPh
What're you trying to achieve? to stop giving away free seats when these people are prepared to pay :: ShortAns_arg
Do they subscribe to them themselves? Yeah :: AffAns
Pay on the <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> credit card, subscribe <unclear> visa card What, their own visa card? :: CE
What, their own visa card? No no <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> :: Reject
They won't send them to home addresses free? No :: Reject
No T T G and Travel? :: CE
I'm not bothered about paying for them Okay :: Ack
She's not really enthusiastic about it and of course no doubt we're getting problems again, stuff going missing, stuff like that, whatever Yeah :: Ack
to delegate yeah well I mean that's this is why I think I should bring forward a supervisors course for <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">, for <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">, for <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">, for <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> Yeah :: Ack
And get it done as soon as possible Yep :: Ack
Yeah she's started to go off sick a lot but she seemed a lot better when she came back after Christmas Yeah :: Ack
So you you want my name printed there? Yes please :: AffAns
Yes please Right. :: Ack
<pause> And erm <pause> all the different erm fabrics Mm. :: Ack
So erm in addition to these erm fabrics here, right at the back of the book Mhm. :: Ack
bit more fancy that the the standard ones. Yeah. :: Ack
So what we're looking for is one that will ern go erm Yes. :: Ack
to that angle. Right :: Ack
However I think erm <trunc> y </trunc> you're one the right track erm picking white out Mm. :: Ack
It is going to reflect the Yes. :: Ack
I've got erm I'll show the type of thing I've got. Yes. :: Ack
It's not it's not actually in here but <pause> I've got erm perhaps that kind of colour Mm. :: Ack
Yes but <trunc> a </trunc> similar to that but a little bit darker. Mm. :: Ack
quite warm Yeah. :: Ack
<unclear> we've got an old <u who=PS4GF> Yeah. :: Ack
in the Summer which stops the heat Yeah. :: Ack
And er <trunc> th </trunc> <trunc> th </trunc> they looked very nice. Yeah. :: Ack
To keep the rain out. <u who=PS4GE> Yeah, :: Ack
Right I'll leave you to Okay. :: Ack
<unclear> I haven't had time to get it up on the machine to change again quickly but I've had a quick look at the situation with regard to the five per cent increase. Yeah. :: Ack
So the saving that we were going to make them, by reducing five per cent but increasing the lancer machine bearings and bumping this standard cost one up to well as it turned out, seventeen per cent margin. Yeah? :: CheckQu
The tools <unclear> I wanted to get rid of. Okay. :: Ack
It's changed really now because of the fact we pulled <unclear> Yeah. :: Ack
need to re-look at how we Because he's mentioned straight away, as soon as he was in the mire Right. :: Ack
Basically what if we do increase to that price. Yeah. :: Ack
The two arrow machines use it and there's a hundred and two hundred and nine machines altogether Yeah. :: Ack
Yes that's how much extra it'll cost him. Yeah. :: Ack
Well this is this is what the point Yeah. :: Ack
I want to try and get it done, bearing in mind Elaine's going to have to have the baby on Friday if she hasn't had it before. Yeah. :: Ack
So will more than likely be off next week, but I do want to try and get something done with this and some of the other accounts, I want to try and get them out the way before I Right. :: Ack
It's just those two that'll have gone down by five per cent which are the sabre machine bearings. Right. :: Ack
It's just those two that'll have gone down by five per cent which are the sabre machine bearings. Okay? :: CheckQu
on the sabre range, the lancers and the arrows, Yeah. :: Ack
Still offering them a three thousand pound saving. Yeah. :: Ack
But helping our spread if you know what I mean. Yeah? :: CheckQu
This is based on full full year isn't it. Yeah. :: Ack
Erm one of the things that er <pause> would be nice to end up with is a price on the books which is the higher price. Yeah. :: Ack
So that the price we want to end up with on the books is is Mhm. :: Ack
that one, that one, that one Yeah. :: Ack
Er well selected for their standards that we think is the only way they could do it. Yeah. :: Ack
So what's the advantage of of our product over theirs. Nothing really. :: ShortAns_arg
Right well that's something that's something that you've got to you've got to differentiate. Mm. :: Ack
Ours are noise tested correct? Yeah. :: AffAns
Is there anything else like that which erm er which we do that they may not do. Not really. :: Reject
I've a feeling <unclear> B E T N. B E T N. :: RepAck
Yeah, it's the <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> one, I'm not so sure what they would supply you see. Possibly nylon. :: ShortAns_arg
And er er and and that that these have er substantial advantages for them and and don't know but but there's got to be an element of doubt. Yeah yeah. :: Ack
That's excellent, so what about playing for the country, good chance? Not that good. :: Reject
Not that good. Not that good, right, alright. :: RepAck
Dave used to be the Chairman of the Young Conservatives at thirty two, er, he was also a local councillor in nineteen seventy-five to nineteen seventy-eight in his home town of <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">, erm, and he used to be Rotarian, for two years, he goes to raise money for charities. Right, <event desc=clapping> :: Ack
How long have you been in <unclear>, Dave? Er, June :: ShortAns_adj
Have you settled in? Yes, thank you. :: AffAns
I think it was a bit strange, I think at first wasn't it? Yes :: AffAns
That's right, but you were a councillor for instance Dave? Yes. :: AffAns
Yes. Right. :: Ack
That's right, yes. Good, yes. :: FactMod
Well when you're elected as a councillor, you've got provision for three years, that's right, I got re-elected after three years, after three months there they changed their minds and decided to put er, a labour council in, so I mean. Right, yes <vocal desc=laugh> :: Ack
He's a Kate Bush fan, not domestic at all, he needs ironing lessons, and we've worked five <trunc> w </trunc>, we've worked for five weeks together to go over territory, and before he joined er, a large part of his career was in contract services and projects and business development in ex-army <unclear>. Right, yes. :: Ack
Erm, and that's about it really, erm, she lives in <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> at the minute, and this was a gentleman called <unclear> in the sky. Ski. :: HelpReject
Come on Jane, who're you going to tell us about? Sorry, erm, about Jack <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> :: ShortAns_arg
Sorry, erm, about Jack <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> Jack? good old Jack. :: RepAck
Erm, he's married to Margaret, and they have one daughter Jane, erm, <unclear>, Jack actually sets up all the, all of our equipment and everything for us. Right. :: Ack
He hates being called Matthew, his actual real name is Arthur Matthew <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">, and if you put those initials down A M D, it sounds like a transport company <unclear>. Yes. :: Ack
Is that a fair comment? Yes :: AffAns
He doesn't want to cover the Warwickshire area, and he's hoping soon perhaps to get promoted to senior <unclear> executive. Good. :: FactMod
Erm, something else I didn't know, he's <unclear> in the theatre, his favourite is musical Yes, musical :: RepAck
Well you made him sound really, really boring. Why? :: Sluice
The following week Jane has three, and I have two. Right. :: Ack
She's married to Graham, her husband, and he trains race horses and he had a winner last weekend. yes :: Ack
There's only one thing more I've got to say about John, he's the worst, he's renowned for being the worst <unclear> in the country, but he, er, got a bit of encouragement from John Mills and Chris Ackland and he's now doing <unclear>, so that's a good achievement. Oh, yes. :: Ack
All right Marion <unclear>? Yeah. :: AffAns
You've gotta <unclear> the right person <unclear>. I'm gonna stop there but what has it we could spend all day and all tomorrow talking about detailed and <unclear> knowledge. :: Ack
Will you what method do you use to to talk to our questioner? Letters. :: ShortAns_arg
Letters. Letters. :: RepAck
Will you what method do you use to to talk to our questioner? Faxes. :: ShortAns_arg
Faxes. Letters fax :: RepAck
Will you what method do you use to to talk to our questioner? Visiting. :: ShortAns_arg
and d'ya have a lot of <unclear>? Yeah. :: AffAns
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Er tone of voice fifty percent. :: ShortAns_arg
Er tone of voice fifty percent. Yes. :: Ack
And body language <unclear>. Right. :: Ack
Tone? Tone forty five. :: ShortAns_arg
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Body language thirty <unclear>. :: ShortAns_arg
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Tone of voice twenty five. :: ShortAns_arg
Tone of voice twenty five. Yes. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Body language fifteen. :: ShortAns_arg
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Erm words of message forty. :: ShortAns_arg
Erm words of message forty. Yes. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Tone of voice twenty. :: ShortAns_arg
Tone of voice twenty. Yes. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. And body language forty. :: ShortAns_arg
And body language forty. Right. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Words of message thirty five. :: ShortAns_arg
Words of message thirty five. Yes. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Tone of voice forty. :: ShortAns_arg
Tone of voice forty. Four O? :: CE
Four O? Yes. :: AffAns
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. And body language twenty five. :: ShortAns_arg
I've got words and message twenty. Yes. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Tone of voice thirty. :: ShortAns_arg
Tone of voice thirty. Yes. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. And body language fifty. :: ShortAns_arg
And body language fifty. Right. :: Ack
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Words forty. :: ShortAns_arg
How important is those three components and what value would you put on them. Tone forty and body language twenty. :: ShortAns_arg
Tone forty and body language twenty. Right. :: Ack
She was questioning. Questioning yes. <unclear> :: RepAck
Oh it's changed no end erm <pause> particularly the fire safety and firing, fire prevention angle has changed erm the operational side has changed in as much the things are more complicated nowadays <pause> buildings are more complicated erm fire losses are greater erm <pause> Fire losses? :: CE
Was this a new area for you when you came to Suffolk because we have the docks close by, chemicals coming in there and at Felixstowe, Yep. :: Ack
They did. Recently. :: PropMod
Did you have any, did you have any large scares with chemicals? Yes. :: AffAns
Yes. In your early days. :: BareModPh
I think not only just at fire stations, I think in the whole of life, hasn't it? Yes. :: AffAns
And what did you have? Er things like er <pause> crowbars and bull croppers and er rescue ropes and lines and things of that kind, which are very very simple, stuff you would buy in a hardware shop and probably be able to manage with it. :: ShortAns_arg
When did that come about? Oh nineteen sixties we, we introduced that with the blessing of the ambulance people as well, it wasn't done without careful consideration, because erm we didn't want people to, to just erm introduce it without knowing what we were doing and ever since we used it it's been a great blessing. :: ShortAns_adj
Was it hydraulically taken up? All hydraulically lifted yep  :: RepAffAns
What other changes have you seen over the, with the Fire Service at <gap reason=anonymization desc=address> Road, since <gap reason=anonymization desc=address> Road well :: RepAck
It's generated with a handle and Wound round? :: CE
It started nineteen seventy one or seventy two, it must have been, when my predecessor <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name"> and I were sat down, and we said what about a band, they all said, what band, well let's have a band, and <pause> and it started just like that, and we, we managed to get the whole of the brigade alerted to it, and we had a meeting at headquarters, to which about forty or fifty people turned up, of which two had probably blown a <pause> an instrument in the past, and there was enough enthusiasm to learn and we had a, a chap who was a musical teacher in town <pause> who was would happily teach our people you see and so we went out, we had a penny, with no help from the authority or anybody else and we got every type of brass instrument for a band on tick <vocal desc=laugh> and we said we'd pay for it, and er <pause> As the Fire Brigade or individually? :: CE
Er well, not as a Fire Brigade <pause> as, as, as individuals I suppose, we, we took the risk of, of paying for these instruments and <pause> On the strength of a Fire Brigade band? :: CE
On the strength of a Fire Brigade band? Yeah. :: AffAns
Yeah. Yeah. :: Ack
When you said uniforms, it that fire uniforms? Fire uniform band, yep <unclear>  :: RepAffAns
It's the, it's the <pause> what we would call the walking-out uniform, you know the, the undressed uniform, not the fire fighting uniform, which is really just a jacket and trousers and shirt and tie and, and the girls have a skirt and er er a tie and blouse and that sort of thing, so and a cap of course. Girls. :: RepAck
That's right, I think that's, that's the secret of it yeah. Yeah. :: Ack
They go direct wherever you are in Suffolk it goes into Ipswich, all the calls go into Ipswich. <gap reason=anonymization desc=address> Road? :: CE
So in the olden days before they had the, the alarm, the pager alarm Mm. :: Ack
Yes he went erm <pause> after the girl of his dreams. Blonde haired <pause> with the black dress is it? :: CE
So I've got the feedback so I'll go through <unclear> Great. :: FactMod
<pause> Are you timing Bill? Er yeah. :: AffAns
Can you tell me where you actually got that information from? From our wages and salary department. :: ShortAns_adj
Er I haven't unfortunately, no, but I'm pretty sure it said two hundred pounds a week. Right. :: Ack
Well I felt sure it was two hundred pounds a, a week. No fifty six pounds ten pence per person. <pause> :: HelpReject
If we can go on to what you think you would need in, in the case of long term sickness, how much do you think you would need per week <pause> to get by? <pause> To get by? :: CE
<pause> As much as I'm on now I would've thought. <pause> Okay. :: Ack
When does that policy terminate, do you know? Er when she's sixty I think. :: ShortAns_adj
Er when she's sixty I think. When she's sixty. :: RepAck
Well the thing being you see, I mean, there's no illness in my family, I really don't see the benefit to be honest with you. Not at all? :: CE
Not at all? Not at all what? :: CE
ah yeah well yeah food I suppose yeah to a degree, entertainment, holidays, have I said holidays have I? Yes. :: AffAns
Take that a step further, after the end of twelve months you then lose this fifteen thousand Yeah. :: Ack
and we've already given up the essentials in your life <pause> the two nine one seven <pause> per year <pause> which of these will be left to be paid? <pause> Erm <pause> well the car. :: ShortAns_arg
Oh I covered a nice trip, yes Oh very good :: FactMod
Have you been busy? Yes :: AffAns
Yes Yes, oh. :: Ack
oh, not very well, we erm, we stopped going after Christmas because we had bad chests both of us Oh :: Ack
both cold and it's hard going that three hours in the morning, you know Yes :: Ack
Well I've had to stop my classes Yeah :: Ack
because I'm, I'm so busy Yes :: Ack
Oh very good, yes, aha, so er Jim's been very busy with his talks and different things and er <pause> we packed in, you know, after Christmas cos we both worked and we thought we'd have it, you know, and we caught this flu bug and Mm :: Ack
we shall go back, erm after Easter Yes :: Ack
Yes, well, as a matter of fact er, the moderator was talking to me on the telephone Aha :: Ack
I think it was yesterday yeah :: Ack
Do you think we'll get one? Oh yes :: AffAns
Well he's off sick as far as I know Mm :: Ack
it was on good authority, but you know you got, the things get exaggerated Yes :: Ack
Er, now what do I want? Erm, oh half :: ShortAns_arg
Does that I mean work by a <unclear> from now on. Probably. :: PropMod
I think they're all <pause> I think they're ninety minutes. Ninety minutes on each tape! :: RepAck
He's just got such a downer on himself Mm. :: Ack
well having said that, although I feel sorry for him I get annoyed with him! Yes. :: Ack
Well, it's like so many other things isn't it? Yeah, that's always the way though innit? :: Ack
Was anything else <pause> said or acted upon or <pause> shall I use the kids who are done today ooh, <trunc> tha </trunc> that <unclear> should be <pause> done. No. :: Reject
Are you still working? <shift new=laughing> Yeah <shift>! :: AffAns
When was she last asleep? Erm <pause> just before I came in from school <pause> and we were home by about half three. :: ShortAns_adj
About where you're <pause> working and what you're doing and <pause> who you're doing it with <pause> and how often! The log book? :: CE
<pause dur=7> I feel I should be all philosophical and <pause> start <shift new=laughing> spouting! <unclear> <shift>! What about? :: Sluice
School's banned now is it? Yeah. :: AffAns
Three of these should be regular. <shift> <pause> Mhm. :: Ack
How to make regular polygons? No. :: Reject
<pause> A regular polygon <pause> has all its sides <pause> and <pause> all its angles <pause> equal. <pause> Mhm. :: Ack
Now the triangle add ups to how many degrees? <pause> Hundred and eighty. :: ShortAns_arg
<pause> Hundred and eighty. Hundred and eighty. :: RepAck
a compass and protractor to hand? No. :: Reject
No, draw yourself a circle. Oh. :: Ack
You've got a slight problem with things like seven cos what's three hundred and sixty divided by seven? Fifty four point fifty one point four. :: ShortAns_arg
Fifty four point fifty one point four. Fifty one point four. :: RepAck
Now if you're drawing fifty one point four, <pause> Mm. :: Ack
And don't talk stupid because it's for a <pause> it's for a special project. What? :: CE
That they're collecting all different types of speech together. Oh right. :: Ack
So <pause> I'm allowed to record you. Okay? :: CheckQu
Okay? Yes. :: AffAns
So <pause> I'm allowed to record you. Good. :: FactMod
Push it, when you want it, just push it <pause> up there Yeah. :: Ack
What's wrong with them? Beautiful! :: FactMod
It had a big bottle of Georgio with it. Oh right. :: Ack
Will Mark want Christmas from me? No. :: Reject
with Clearasil. No. :: Reject
Is it itchy? Yeah. :: AffAns
There's your keys. <u who=PS6PF> Oh great! :: FactMod
Yeah cos, my mates were telling me the other day <pause> what's Gilly said? Who? :: CE
Who? Marcus <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">. :: ShortAns_arg
Marcus <gap reason=anonymization desc="last or full name">. Marcus? :: CE
Marcus? Yeah. :: AffAns
He goes here there and everywhere. Marvellous! :: FactMod